A Bayesian method for the synthesis of evidence from qualitative and quantitative reports: the example of antiretroviral medication adherence.
A bayesian network meta-analysis on comparisons of enamel matrix derivatives, guided tissue regeneration and their combination therapies.
A network meta-analysis of progression free survival and overall survival in first-line treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
A network meta-analysis of the efficacy of belatacept, cyclosporine and tacrolimus for immunosuppression therapy in adult renal transplant recipients.
A network meta-analysis on comparative efficacy and all-cause discontinuation of antimanic treatments in acute bipolar mania.
A new statistical trend in clinical research - Bayesian statistics.
A Primer on Network Meta-Analysis for Dental Research.
A systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials on non-surgical treatments for peri-implantitis.
A Systematic Review and Mixed Treatment Comparison of the Efficacy of Pharmacological Treatments for Fibromyalgia.
Accounting for model uncertainty in estimating global burden of disease.
Adjuvant treatments for resected pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
An indirect comparison of the efficacy and safety of desvenlafaxine and venlafaxine using placebo as the common comparator.
Aspirin for the Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Events: A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing patients with and without diabetes.
Bayesian bivariate meta-analysis of sensitivity and specificity: summary of quantitative findings in 50 meta-analyses.
Bayesian network meta-analysis of root coverage procedures: ranking efficacy and identification of best treatment.
Cancer incidence among female flight attendants: a meta-analysis of published data.
Cardiovascular disease and vitamin D supplementation: trial analysis, systematic review, and meta-analysis.
Comparative Effectiveness of Pharmacologic Interventions for Knee Osteoarthritis: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-analysis.
Comparative Efficacy and Risk of Harms of Immediate- versus Extended-Release Second-Generation Antidepressants: A Systematic Review with Network Meta-Analysis.
Comparative Efficacy and Safety of Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors and Serotonin-Norepinephrine Reuptake Inhibitors in Older Adults: A Network Meta-Analysis.
Comparative Efficacy of Biologic Therapy in Biologic-Naïve Patients With Crohn Disease: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-analysis.
Comparing the effectiveness of competing tests for reducing colorectal cancer mortality: a network meta-analysis.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of low molecular weight heparins for venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in medically ill patients.
Coronally Advanced Flaps (CAF) Plus Connective Tissue Graft (CTG) Is the Gold Standard for Treatment of Miller Class I and II Gingival Defects.
Coronary Revascularization in Diabetic Patients: A Systematic Review and Bayesian Network Meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness of radiofrequency catheter ablation for the treatment of atrial fibrillation in the United Kingdom.
Diagnostic accuracy of endoscopic ultrasonography (EUS) for the preoperative locoregional staging of primary gastric cancer.
Diagnostic accuracy of noninvasive fetal Rh genotyping from maternal blood--a meta-analysis.
Discordance in Hormone Receptor Status Among Primary, Metastatic, and Second Primary Breast Cancers: Biological Difference or Misclassification?
Early high-dose lipid-lowering therapy to avoid cardiac events: a systematic review and economic evaluation.
Effect of early and late GB virus C viraemia on survival of HIV-infected individuals: a meta-analysis.
Effect of initial treatment strategy on survival of patients with advanced-stage Hodgkin's lymphoma: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Efficacy of periodontal plastic procedures in the treatment of multiple gingival recessions.
Efficacy of telaprevir and boceprevir in treatment-naïve and treatment-experienced genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C patients: an indirect comparison using Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Evidence based policy decisions through a Bayesian approach: the case of a statin appraisal in the Netherlands.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy versus faecal occult blood testing for colorectal cancer screening in asymptomatic individuals.
Health-related quality of life in systemic sclerosis: A systematic review.
Immunomodulators and immunosuppressants for multiple sclerosis: a network meta-analysis.
Impact of intraoperative stimulation brain mapping on glioma surgery outcome: a meta-analysis.
In-office treatment for dentin hypersensitivity: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Interventions for treating displaced midshaft clavicular fractures: a bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Linear mixed model approach to network meta-analysis for continuous outcomes in periodontal research.
Maternal obesity and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Methods to decrease blood loss during liver resection: a network meta-analysis.
Spontaneous regression of hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review.
Sunburns and risk of cutaneous melanoma: does age matter? A comprehensive meta-analysis.
Systematic Literature Review and Network Meta-Analysis Comparing Bone-Targeted Agents for the Prevention of Skeletal-Related Events in Cancer Patients With Bone Metastasis.
Systematic review and economic modelling of the relative clinical benefit and cost-effectiveness of laparoscopic surgery and robotic surgery for removal of the prostate in men with localised prostate cancer.
Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis of Overall Survival Comparing 3 mg/kg Ipilimumab With Alternative Therapies in the Management of Pretreated Patients With Unresectable Stage III or IV Melanoma.
Systematic review, meta-analysis and economic modelling of diagnostic strategies for suspected acute coronary syndrome.
Systemic antibiotics in the treatment of aggressive periodontitis. A systematic review and a Bayesian Network meta-analysis.
Treatments for Shoulder Impingement Syndrome: A PRISMA Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis.
Where errors occur in the preparation and administration of intravenous medicines: a systematic review and Bayesian analysis.