The association between three promoter polymorphisms of IL-1 and stroke: a meta-analysis.
Risk of serious infection in biological treatment of patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety profile of combined therapy inhibiting EFGR and VEGF pathways in patients  with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: A meta-analysis of 15 phase II/III randomized trials.
Association of miR-146a rs2910164 polymorphism with cardio-cerebrovascular diseases: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does the Preemptive Use of Oral Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs Reduce Postoperative Pain in Surgical Removal of Third Molars? A Meta-analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials.
Insulin resistance in patients with type 1 diabetes assessed by glucose clamp studies: systematic review and meta-analysis.
TNF-α -308 G>A polymorphism and risk of bone marrow failure syndrome: A meta-analysis.
The protective effect of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism against prostate cancer risk: Evidence from 23 case-control studies.
Genetic polymorphism of MTHFR C677T and premature coronary artery disease susceptibility: A meta-analysis.
Stomach cancer mortality among workers exposed to asbestos: a meta-analysis.
Do surgical care bundles reduce the risk of surgical site infections in patients  undergoing colorectal surgery? A systematic review and cohort meta-analysis of 8,515 patients.
Cannabinoids for Medical Use: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of comparison between self-expandable and balloon-expandable valves for patients having transcatheter aortic valve implantation.
Dietary acrylamide and cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Association between adult weight gain and colorectal cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies.
A Systematic Meta-analysis of Immune Signatures in Patients With Acute Chikungunya Virus Infection.
Diabetes and risk of anastomotic leakage after gastrointestinal surgery.
Mortality in patients treated with extended duration dual antiplatelet therapy after drug-eluting stent implantation: a pairwise and Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Efficacy of intervertebral disc regeneration with stem cells - a systematic review and meta-analysis of animal controlled trials.
Genetic risk, coronary heart disease events, and the clinical benefit of statin therapy: an analysis of primary and secondary prevention trials.
Outcome of delirium in critically ill patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of dual time-point 18 F-FDG PET/CT versus single time-point imaging for detection of mediastinal nodal metastasis in non-small cell lung cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Value of (18)F-FDG PET for Predicting Response to Neoadjuvant Therapy in Rectal Cancer: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: opportunistic infections and malignancies during treatment with anti-integrin antibodies in inflammatory bowel disease.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: Saccharomyces boulardii supplementation and eradication of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: the association between the use of calcium  channel blockers and gastrointestinal bleeding.
Supervised vs unsupervised exercise for intermittent claudication: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-Analysis of Relation Between Oral β-Blocker Therapy and Outcomes in Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction Who Underwent Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.
Meta-analysis of 12 trials evaluating the effects of statins on decreasing atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials Comparing Multivessel Versus Culprit-Only Revascularization for Patients With ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial  Infarction and Multivessel Disease Undergoing Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.
Assessing the association between the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) 677C>T polymorphism and blood folate concentrations: a systematic review and meta-analysis of trials and observational studies.
Gemcitabine Adjuvant Therapy for Resected Pancreatic Cancer: A Meta-analysis.
Weight change and risk of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antiviral treatment of Bell's palsy based on baseline severity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pancreaticogastrostomy versus pancreaticojejunostomy after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic Accuracy of Noncontrast CT in Detecting Acute Appendicitis: A Meta-analysis of Prospective Studies.
The role of point-of-care platelet function testing in predicting postoperative bleeding following cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
First-line treatments for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia: interpreting efficacy data by network meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of diagnosed WT1 level in acute myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of TNFα blockers in patients with ankylosing spondylitis and non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis: a meta-analysis.
Unilateral Versus Bilateral Antegrade Cerebral Protection During Aortic Surgery:  An Updated Meta-Analysis.
Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting After Percutaneous Intervention Has Higher Early  Mortality: A Meta-Analysis.
Telemedicine for detecting diabetic retinopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of reconstruction techniques after low anterior resection for rectal cancer.
Baseline Functional Class and Therapeutic Efficacy of Common Heart Failure Interventions: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Body Mass Index and Repeat Revascularization After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Meta-analysis.
Comparison of Dual-antiplatelet Therapy to Mono-antiplatelet Therapy After Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
There Are No Differences in Short- to Mid-term Survivorship Among Total Hip-bearing Surface Options: A Network Meta-analysis.
Balloon-Occluded Retrograde Transvenous Obliteration (BRTO) for Treatment of Gastric Varices: Review and Meta-Analysis.
Endocrine tumours: familial nonmedullary thyroid carcinoma is a more aggressive disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Postoperative chemotherapy in patients with rectal cancer receiving preoperative  radio(chemo)therapy: A meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing surgery ± a fluoropyrimidine and surgery + a fluoropyrimidine ± oxaliplatin.
Quality of life and functional status after carotid revascularisation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pregnancy-related complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes in multiple pregnancies resulting from assisted reproductive technology: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Effectiveness and feasibility of hysteroscopic sterilization techniques: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of genetic associations between PPAR-γ gene rs1801282 polymorphism and Alzheimer's disease in general population: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of changes in body weight in clinical trials of vegetarian diets.
Risk of lymphoma in patients with atopic dermatitis and the role of topical treatment: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Differential diagnosis between metastatic and non-metastatic lymph nodes using DW-MRI: a meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy studies.
High dose versus conventional dose in external beam radiotherapy of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of long-term follow-up.
Impact of Patient Compliance on Tooth Loss during Supportive Periodontal Therapy: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing versus cognitive-behavioral therapy for adult posttraumatic stress disorder: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intra-aortic Balloon Pump Therapy for Acute Myocardial Infarction: A Meta-analysis.
Sialendoscopy for the management of juvenile recurrent parotitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adipokine levels during the first or early second trimester of pregnancy and subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Common genetic variant on 14q13.3 contributes to thyroid cancer susceptibility: evidence based on 12 studies.
Common genetic variants (rs4779584 and rs10318) at 15q13.3 contributes to colorectal adenoma and colorectal cancer susceptibility: evidence based on 22 studies.
AWAJI criteria are not always superior to the previous criteria: A meta-analysis.
Risks Associated With Smallpox Vaccination in Pregnancy: A Systematic Review and  Meta-analysis.
Comparative Effectiveness of Anticholinergic Therapy for Overactive Bladder in Women: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Neurodevelopmental Outcome After a Single Course of Antenatal Steroids in Children Born Preterm: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
How strongly is aerobic capacity correlated with walking speed and distance after stroke? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is visual evaluation of aneurysm coiling a reliable study end point? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Repeated carotid endarterectomy versus carotid artery stenting for patients with  carotid restenosis after carotid endarterectomy: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Deviation from intention to treat analysis in randomised trials and treatment effect estimates: meta-epidemiological study.
Stomach cancer and occupational exposure to asbestos: a meta-analysis of occupational cohort studies.
Subclinical thyroid dysfunction and fracture risk: a meta-analysis.
Increased expression of MMP14 correlates with the poor prognosis of Chinese patients with gastric cancer.
Comparative efficacy and safety of blood pressure-lowering agents in adults with  diabetes and kidney disease: a network meta-analysis.
Adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with sickle cell disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predicting Anthracycline Benefit: TOP2A and CEP17-Not Only but Also.
Imaging Techniques for the Diagnosis of Hepatocellular Carcinoma: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Prevalence of amyloid PET positivity in dementia syndromes: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of cerebral amyloid pathology in persons without dementia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical outcomes of patients who underwent percutaneous coronary interventions for chronic total occlusions.
Meta-analysis of the relation of body mass index to all-cause and cardiovascular  mortality and hospitalization in patients with chronic heart failure.
Dietary supplement use and colorectal cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies.
Menopausal hormone therapy and central nervous system tumor risk: large UK prospective study and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of robotic versus laparoscopic colectomy.
Menopausal hormone use and ovarian cancer risk: individual participant meta-analysis of 52 epidemiological studies.
Prognosis after spinal cord and cauda compression in spontaneous spinal epidural  hematomas.
Oseltamivir treatment for influenza in adults: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The accuracy of V/Q SPECT in the diagnosis of pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: pharmacological interventions for eosinophilic oesophagitis.
Accuracy of intravascular ultrasound and optical coherence tomography in identifying functionally significant coronary stenosis according to vessel diameter: A meta-analysis of 2,581 patients and 2,807 lesions.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and adjusted observational results  of use of clopidogrel, aspirin, and oral anticoagulants in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
Meta-analysis of trials on mortality after percutaneous coronary intervention compared with medical therapy in patients with stable coronary heart disease and  objective evidence of myocardial ischemia.
The effect of tree nut, peanut, and soy nut consumption on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Efficacy of aerobic exercise for treatment of chronic low back pain: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the impact of restaurant menu calorie labeling.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of method comparison studies of Masimo pulse  co-oximeters (Radical-7™ or Pronto-7™) and HemoCue® absorption spectrometers (B-Hemoglobin or 201+) with laboratory haemoglobin estimation.
Comparison of streamlined liner of the pharynx airway (SLIPA ™) and laryngeal mask airway: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and venous thromboembolism risk in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis of 24 case-controlled studies.
Pancreaticogastrostomy is superior to pancreaticojejunostomy for prevention of pancreatic fistula after pancreaticoduodenectomy: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass reduces early stroke in octogenarians: a meta-analysis of 18,000 patients.
Meta-analysis reveals no significant correlation between breast cancer survival and ErbB3 expression.
Functional electrical stimulation improves activity after stroke: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of dry needling for myofascial trigger points associated with neck  and shoulder pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of tumor necrosis factor inhibitors and glucocorticoids on bone density in rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis trials.
The association between the regular use of preventive labour induction and improved term birth outcomes: findings of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A Bayesian network meta-analysis on the effect of inodilatory agents on mortality.
Association between variants A69S in ARMS2 gene and response to treatment of exudative AMD: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the predictive value of C-reactive protein for infectious complications in abdominal surgery.
Meta-analysis of the effect of goal-directed therapy on bowel function after abdominal surgery.
Decision aids for localized prostate cancer treatment choice: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Screening Strategies and Primary Prevention Interventions in Relatives of People  With Coronary Artery Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Lymphadenectomy extent and survival of patients with gastric carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of time-to-event data from randomized trials.
Genome-wide association study identifies ABCG2 (BCRP) as an allopurinol transporter and a determinant of drug response.
The diagnostic performance of CT-derived fractional flow reserve for evaluation of myocardial ischaemia confirmed by invasive fractional flow reserve: a meta-analysis.
Reading abilities in school-aged preterm children: a review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the proportion of non-typhoidal Salmonella cases that develop chronic sequelae.
Early tumour shrinkage as a prognostic factor and surrogate end-point in colorectal cancer: a systematic review and pooled-analysis.
Therapy of endocrine disease: response and toxicity of small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors in patients with thyroid carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Necessity for Routine Pre-operative Ultrasound Mapping Before Arteriovenous Fistula Creation: A Meta-analysis.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy on maternal and neonatal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association Between Psychological Distress and Liver Disease Mortality: A Meta-analysis of Individual Study Participants.
Nonsynonymous single nucleotide polymorphisms in the complement component 3 gene  are associated with risk of age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis.
Head-to-head comparisons of hydrochlorothiazide with indapamide and chlorthalidone: antihypertensive and metabolic effects.
Effects of thiazide-type and thiazide-like diuretics on cardiovascular events and mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genes involved in the WNT and vesicular trafficking pathways are associated with  melanoma predisposition.
Remaining coronal dentin and risk of fiber-reinforced composite post-core restoration failure: a meta-analysis.
Diet quality as assessed by the Healthy Eating Index, the Alternate Healthy Eating Index, the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension score, and health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Retention of Adult Patients on Antiretroviral Therapy in Low- and Middle-Income Countries: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis 2008-2013.
Comparative efficacy and safety of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors in older adults: a network meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of angiogenesis inhibitors in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A simple-to-use method incorporating genomic markers into prostate cancer risk prediction tools facilitated future validation.
Family and professionals underestimate quality of life across diverse cultures and health conditions: systematic review.
Adjustment for compliance behavior in trials of epidural analgesia in labor using instrumental variable meta-analysis.
Placebo effects on itch: a meta-analysis of clinical trials of patients with dermatological conditions.
Evaluation of genetic risk loci for intracranial aneurysms in sporadic arteriovenous malformations of the brain.
Antimicrobial-impregnated and -coated shunt catheters for prevention of infections in patients with hydrocephalus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
99mTc SPECT/CT Versus Planar Lymphoscintigraphy for Preoperative Sentinel Lymph Node Detection in Cervical Cancer: A Systematic Review and Metaanalysis.
The use of adjustment factors to address the impact of inflammation on vitamin A  and iron status in humans.
Radiofrequency ablation versus surgical resection for intrahepatic hepatocellular carcinoma recurrence: a meta-analysis.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for prevention of febrile urinary tract infections in children with vesicoureteral reflux: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials comparing dilated to nondilated vesicoureteral reflux.
Does intracytoplasmic sperm injection pose an increased risk of genitourinary congenital malformations in offspring compared to in vitro fertilization? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between seven single nucleotide polymorphisms involved in inflammation and proteolysis and abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Association of Vitiligo and Alopecia Areata With Atopic Dermatitis: A Systematic  Review and Meta-analysis.
Population-level impact and herd effects following human papillomavirus vaccination programmes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hypoglossal nerve stimulation in the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of Protocolized Sedation on Clinical Outcomes in Mechanically Ventilated Intensive Care Unit Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Blood as a Substitute for Tumor Tissue in Detecting EGFR Mutations for Guiding EGFR TKIs Treatment of Nonsmall Cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
The clinical utility of plasma Epstein-Barr virus DNA assays in nasopharyngeal carcinoma: the dawn of a new era?: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 7836  cases.
Do glioma patients derive any therapeutic benefit from taking a higher cumulative dose of temozolomide regimens?: a meta-analysis.
Intra-aortic balloon pump may grant no benefit to improve the mortality of patients with acute myocardial infarction in short and long term: an updated meta-analysis.
Neurokinin-1 receptor antagonists in preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs as Prophylaxis for Heterotopic Ossification  after Total Hip Arthroplasty: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Role of taxane and anthracycline combination regimens in the management of advanced breast cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Fruits and vegetables intake and risk of bladder cancer: a PRISMA-compliant systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Comparison of equimolar doses of mannitol and hypertonic saline for the treatment of elevated intracranial pressure after traumatic brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is impulsivity a symptom of initial tobacco withdrawal? A meta-analysis and qualitative systematic review.
Obstetric and neonatal outcomes after antipsychotic medication exposure in pregnancy.
The effect of supervised prenatal exercise on fetal growth: a meta-analysis.
Prosthetics for nasal perforations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Voice outcomes following radiation versus laser microsurgery for T1 glottic carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Breastfeeding Assessment Score: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Linear growth and child development in low- and middle-income countries: a meta-analysis.
Does perturbation-based balance training prevent falls? Systematic review and meta-analysis of preliminary randomized controlled trials.
How is pneumonia diagnosed in clinical stroke research? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety of intravenous thrombolysis in stroke mimics: prospective 5-year study and comprehensive meta-analysis.
B-type natriuretic peptides help in cardioembolic stroke diagnosis: pooled data meta-analysis.
Association of change in physical activity and body weight with quality of life and mortality in colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Oxygen for relief of dyspnoea in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who would not qualify for home oxygen: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The diagnostic accuracy of tests for latent tuberculosis infection in hemodialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of cytokeratin-19 fragment (CYFRA 21-1) for bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of [18F] FDG-PET and PET/CT in urinary bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparing the safety and efficacy of metastatic colorectal cancer treatment regimens, capecitabine plus irinotecan (CAPIRI) and 5-fluorouracil/leucovorin plus irinotecan (FOLFIRI).
Meta-analysis of Androgen Insensitivity in Preoperative Hormone Therapy in Hypospadias.
Catheter-directed thrombolysis plus anticoagulation versus anticoagulation alone  in the treatment of proximal deep vein thrombosis - a meta-analysis.
Mitochondrial microsatellite instability in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer.
The use of vancomycin powder in modern spine surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis of the clinical evidence.
The role of adjuvant radiotherapy after gross total resection of atypical meningiomas.
An epigenome-wide association study of total serum immunoglobulin E concentration.
Effect of vitamin C and vitamin E supplementation on endothelial function: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Electronic health record-based interventions for improving appropriate diagnostic imaging: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of smoking and smoking cessation on cardiovascular events and mortality among older adults: meta-analysis of individual participant data from prospective cohort studies of the CHANCES consortium.
Identification of novel genetic markers of breast cancer survival.
Optimal duration of dual antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention with drug eluting stents: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Time to benefit for colorectal cancer screening: survival meta-analysis of flexible sigmoidoscopy trials.
Meta-analysis of multivessel versus culprit-only percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome and multivessel coronary disease.
Meta-analysis of the effects of carvedilol versus metoprolol on all-cause mortality and hospitalizations in patients with heart failure.
Association of 42 SNPs with genetic risk for cervical cancer: an extensive meta-analysis.
Anthropometric factors and ovarian cancer risk: a systematic review and nonlinear dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
CHRNA5 risk variant predicts delayed smoking cessation and earlier lung cancer diagnosis--a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of LDL-lowering therapy among men and women: meta-analysis of individual data from 174,000 participants in 27 randomised trials.
Meta-Analysis of Cell-based CaRdiac stUdiEs (ACCRUE) in patients with acute myocardial infarction based on individual patient data.
Meta-analysis of cell therapy trials for patients with heart failure.
Duration of dual antiplatelet therapy after drug-eluting stent implantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Early goal-directed therapy in the management of severe sepsis or septic shock in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of 65,734 individuals identifies TSPAN15 and SLC44A2 as two susceptibility loci for venous thromboembolism.
Cerclage for short cervix in twin pregnancies: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials using individual patient-level data.
Similar outcome after retention or sacrifice of the posterior cruciate ligament in total knee arthroplasty.
Dynamic contrast-enhanced MRI for the detection of prostate cancer: meta-analysis.
Systematic review with network meta-analysis: the comparative effectiveness and safety of interventions in patients with overt hepatic encephalopathy.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: infliximab and immunosuppressant therapy vs. infliximab alone for active ulcerative colitis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: the efficacy of a second anti-TNF in patients with inflammatory bowel disease whose previous anti-TNF treatment has failed.
Meta-analysis of the impact of mitral regurgitation on outcomes after transcatheter aortic valve implantation.
Meta-analysis of digoxin use and risk of mortality in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Nut consumption on all-cause, cardiovascular, and cancer mortality risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Serrated polyps and the risk of synchronous colorectal advanced neoplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
From the 1990s to CORAL (Cardiovascular Outcomes in Renal Atherosclerotic Lesions) trial results and beyond: does stenting have a role in ischemic nephropathy?
Statin therapy and mortality from sepsis: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The effect of Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy on the development of gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Modifiable predictors of dementia in mild cognitive impairment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessing the value of routine upper gastrointestinal contrast studies following  bariatric surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Esophageal atresia and transitional care--step 1: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature to define the prevalence of chronic long-term problems.
High-frequency ventilation does not provide mortality benefit in comparison with  conventional lung-protective ventilation in acute respiratory distress syndrome:  a meta-analysis of the randomized controlled trials.
Circulating C reactive protein in osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immunoenhancing enteral and parenteral nutrition for gastrointestinal surgery: a  multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of resected metachronous second non-small cell lung cancer.
Visceral pleural invasion remains a size-independent prognostic factor in stage I non-small cell lung cancer.
Is gestational diabetes mellitus an independent risk factor for macrosomia: a meta-analysis?
Walking exercise for chronic musculoskeletal pain: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of pilates exercise for improving balance in older adults: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Obesity and arterial stiffness in children: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Valgus bracing for knee osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Efficacy and safety of rituximab in auto-immune hemolytic anemia: A meta-analysis of 21 studies.
Maternal lipid levels during pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
When is birthweight at term (≥37 weeks' gestation) abnormally low? A systematic review and meta-analysis of the prognostic and predictive ability of current birthweight standards for childhood and adult outcomes.
The effect of surgical synovectomy and radiotherapy on the rate of recurrence of  pigmented villonodular synovitis of the knee: an individual patient meta-analysis.
Gabapentin prophylaxis for postoperative nausea and vomiting in abdominal surgeries: a quantitative analysis of evidence from randomized controlled clinical trials.
Predictors of persistent pain after total knee arthroplasty: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of internal herniation after gastric bypass surgery.
Meta-analysis of prognostic factors for amputation following surgical repair of lower extremity vascular trauma.
DNA repair gene XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
RUNX3 Promoter Methylation Is Associated with Hepatocellular Carcinoma Risk: A Meta-Analysis.
Prognostic accuracy of clinical prediction rules for early post-pulmonary embolism all-cause mortality: a bivariate meta-analysis.
Common genetic variants and response to atrial fibrillation ablation.
Electrocardiographic monitoring for detecting atrial fibrillation after ischemic  stroke or transient ischemic attack: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The accuracy of ultrasonography and magnetic resonance imaging for the diagnosis  of Morton's neuroma: a systematic review.
Fractional anisotropy alterations in individuals born preterm: a diffusion tensor imaging meta-analysis.
Relative effects of landscape-scale wetland amount and landscape matrix quality on wetland vertebrates: a 'meta-analysis.
Dissociation between recognition and detection advantage for facial expressions:  a meta-analysis.
The relationship between transportation noise exposure and ischemic heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and survival of colorectal cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Management of endocrine disease: Mortality remains increased in Cushing's disease despite biochemical remission: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of refractive error in Europe: the European Eye Epidemiology (E(3)) Consortium.
Physical activity and risk of pancreatic cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ultrasonic dissection versus conventional electrocautery during gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The prognostic value of PD-L1 expression for non-small cell lung cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Body mass index and the quality of life of endometrial cancer survivors--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of morcellation on survival outcomes of patients with unexpected uterine leiomyosarcoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Calcium intake and colorectal adenoma risk: dose-response meta-analysis of prospective observational studies.
Ataxia telangiectasia-mutated gene polymorphisms and acute normal tissue injuries in cancer patients after radiation therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of HIV-1 subtypes among men who have sex with men in China: a systematic review.
Influence of smoking on the efficacy of antimalarials in cutaneous lupus: a meta-analysis of the literature.
The prognostic significance of p53 expression in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Excess mortality associated with hypopituitarism in adults: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Discovery of coding genetic variants influencing diabetes-related serum biomarkers and their impact on risk of type 2 diabetes.
A systematic review found no consistent difference in effect between more and less intensive placebo interventions.
Treating pit-and-fissure caries: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Rotigotine in the treatment of primary restless legs syndrome: A meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Toll-like receptor polymorphisms and tuberculosis susceptibility: A comprehensive meta-analysis.
CYP2C19 polymorphism and clinical outcomes among patients of different races treated with clopidogrel: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aspirin and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs can prevent cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Microbiological characteristics of acute osteoarticular infections in children.
Aneurysm diameter as a risk factor for pretreatment rebleeding: a meta-analysis.
Flaxseed consumption may reduce blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials.
Hypnosis/Relaxation therapy for temporomandibular disorders: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Local versus general anesthesia for the management of nasal bone fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Improved apnea-hypopnea index and lowest oxygen saturation after maxillomandibular advancement with or without counterclockwise rotation in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Review article: Patient-specific versus standard instrumentation for total knee arthroplasty.
Diagnosing clinically significant dehydration in children with acute gastroenteritis using noninvasive methods: a meta-analysis.
The effect of physician gender on length of patient consultations: observational  findings from the UK hospital setting and synthesis with existing studies.
Comparison of short-term surgical outcomes between totally laparoscopic and laparoscopic-assisted distal gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a 10-y single-center experience with meta-analysis.
Potassium dehydroandrographolide succinate injection for treat- ment of infantile pneumonia: a systematic review and Meta-analysis.
Spinal cord injury without radiologic abnormality in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of multicomponent nonpharmacological delirium interventions: a meta-analysis.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor symptoms in Parkinson disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Oxygen saturation target range for extremely preterm infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mortality in mental disorders and global disease burden implications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Identification of a common neurobiological substrate for mental illness.
Clinical features for diagnosis of pneumonia in children younger than 5 years: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnosis of atrial fibrillation after stroke and transient ischaemic attack: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Digital health interventions for the prevention of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcome of frozen elephant trunk technique for acute type A aortic dissection: as systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sequential chemotherapy and radiotherapy in the sandwich method for advanced endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
A Meta-analysis Reveals S-1-based Chemotherapy Improves the Survival of Patients  With Advanced Gastric Cancer.
Minimum 4-year outcomes of cervical total disc arthroplasty versus fusion: a meta-analysis based on prospective randomized controlled trials.
Association between anti-TNF therapy for rheumatoid arthritis and hypertension: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Value of quantitative and qualitative analyses of circulating cell-free DNA as diagnostic tools for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Management of large-vessel vasculitis with FDG-PET: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Neurocognitive dysfunction risk alleviation with the use of dexmedetomidine in perioperative conditions or as ICU sedation: a meta-analysis.
The catalase C-262T gene polymorphism and cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic association between PER3 genetic polymorphisms and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between the CYP1B1 polymorphisms and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between the CYP1A2 polymorphisms and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Common genetic variants on 3q28 contribute to non-small cell lung cancer susceptibility: evidence from 10 case-control studies.
Association between the CYP2E1 polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of rs9340799 polymorphism in estrogen receptor alpha gene with the risk of osteoarthritis: evidence based on 8,792 subjects.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of common variation rs16892766 at 8q23.3 with colorectal adenoma and cancer susceptibility.
Different amounts of alcohol consumption and cataract: a meta-analysis.
Maxillomandibular advancement and tracheostomy for morbidly obese obstructive sleep apnea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Facial nerve monitoring during parotidectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of continuous positive airway pressure on leptin levels in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Lung ultrasound for the diagnosis of pneumonia in children: a meta-analysis.
Prediction models for neonatal health care-associated sepsis: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of taping on spinal pain and disability: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The efficacy of postoperative antithrombotics in free flap surgery: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Hepatocellular carcinoma: diagnostic performance of multidetector CT and MR imaging-a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functionally relevant white matter degradation in multiple sclerosis: a tract-based spatial meta-analysis.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and risk of venous thromboembolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of antiplatelet therapy in secondary prevention following lacunar stroke: pooled analysis of randomized trials.
Stapled versus handsewn intestinal anastomosis in emergency laparotomy: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of portal vein ligation versus portal vein  embolization for elective liver resection.
A systematic review of the clinical effectiveness of first-line chemotherapy for  adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
Predictive power of circulating miRNAs in detecting colorectal cancer.
Serum adiponectin levels may be associated with the pathogenesis of hepatocellular carcinoma.
The expression and clinical significance of microRNAs in colorectal cancer detecting.
MicroRNA-145 as ideal biomarker for the diagnosis of various carcinomas.
Efficacy of Dapoxetine for the treatment of premature ejaculation: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials on intravaginal ejaculatory latency time, patient-reported outcomes, and adverse events.
Outcomes of microsurgical vasovasostomy for vasectomy reversal: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of circumcision with Shang Ring vs conventional circumcision.
Association between the presence of sperm in the vasal fluid during vasectomy reversal and postoperative patency: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison between extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy and ureteroscopic lithotripsy for treating large proximal ureteral stones: a meta-analysis.
The diagnostic value of 11q13 amplification and protein expression in the detection of nodal metastasis from oral squamous cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery with open thoracotomy for the management of chest trauma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic anterior versus posterior fundoplication for gastro-esophageal reflux disease: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the open abdomen and temporary abdominal closure techniques in non-trauma patients.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of therapeutic hypothermia in children with acute traumatic brain injury.
[Acupuncture combined with Western medicine for angina of coronary artery disease: a systematic review].
Comparing robotic, laparoscopic and open cystectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of paracetamol for spinal pain and osteoarthritis: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised placebo controlled trials.
Short term exposure to air pollution and stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Restrictive versus liberal transfusion strategy for red blood cell transfusion: systematic review of randomised trials with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
Short- versus long-term dual antiplatelet therapy after drug-eluting stent implantation: an individual patient data pairwise and network meta-analysis.
Resting brain activity in disorders of consciousness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vaccines for the prevention of seasonal influenza in patients with diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive assessments in multicultural populations using the Rowland Universal Dementia Assessment Scale: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sleep duration and risk of fatal and nonfatal stroke: a prospective study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of direct and indirect comparison of ticagrelor and prasugrel effects on platelet reactivity.
Meta-analysis of net long-term benefit of different therapeutic strategies in patients with cryptogenic stroke and patent foramen ovale.
Dose-response relationship between serum 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin and  diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Adjuvant chemotherapy for patients with primary hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Phase 3 trials of stereotactic radiosurgery with or without whole-brain radiation therapy for 1 to 4 brain metastases: individual patient data meta-analysis.
Molecular imaging of striatal dopamine transporters in major depression--a meta-analysis.
Sugar-sweetened beverages and risk of hypertension and CVD: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Methotrexate use and risk of lung disease in psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and  inflammatory bowel disease: systematic literature review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Risk of neuropsychiatric adverse events associated with varenicline: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between VEGF -634G/C polymorphism and susceptibility to autoimmune diseases: a meta-analysis.
Catalase C-262T polymorphism and risk of prostate cancer: evidence from meta-analysis.
Adult weight gain and adiposity-related cancers: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective observational studies.
Effects of blood pressure lowering on cardiovascular risk according to baseline body-mass index: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Characterization of large structural genetic mosaicism in human autosomes.
The diagnostic accuracy of the natriuretic peptides in heart failure: systematic  review and diagnostic meta-analysis in the acute care setting.
Differential effects of severe vs mild GBA mutations on Parkinson disease.
High incidence of asymptomatic cerebral microbleeds in patients with hemorrhagic  onset-type moyamoya disease: a phase-sensitive MRI study and meta-analysis.
Effect of adjuvant interferon therapy on hepatitis b/c virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma after curative therapy - meta-analysis.
Role of traditional nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in Alzheimer's disease:  a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of the association between whole grain intake and coronary heart disease risk.
Meta-analysis appraising high maintenance dose clopidogrel in patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention with and without high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity.
Tea and coffee and risk of endometrial cancer: cohort study and meta-analysis.
Critical reappraisal of intravenous metoclopramide in migraine attack: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mobile phone intervention and weight loss among overweight and obese adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the utility of C-reactive protein, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, fecal calprotectin, and fecal lactoferrin to exclude inflammatory bowel disease in adults with IBS.
Colonization with toxinogenic C. difficile upon hospital admission, and risk of infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Self-help for weight loss in overweight and obese adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
IREB2 and GALC are associated with pulmonary artery enlargement in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Mylotarg has potent anti-leukaemic effect: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of anti-CD33 antibody treatment in acute myeloid leukaemia.
Protective variant for hippocampal atrophy identified by whole exome sequencing.
The effects of tumour necrosis factor inhibitors, methotrexate, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and corticosteroids on cardiovascular events in rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
A genome-wide association study of rheumatoid arthritis without antibodies against citrullinated peptides.
Surgical versus medical treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in nonseverely obese patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predictors of remission of diabetes mellitus in severely obese individuals undergoing bariatric surgery: do BMI or procedure choice matter? A meta-analysis.
Stenting versus endarterectomy for restenosis following prior ipsilateral carotid endarterectomy: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Effect of gender after transcatheter aortic valve implantation: a meta-analysis.
Coronary artery bypass revascularization using bilateral internal thoracic arteries in diabetic patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Improvement of balance control ability and flexibility in the elderly Tai Chi Chuan (TCC) practitioners: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of magnetic resonance in deeply infiltrating endometriosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Factor V Leiden mutation in women with early recurrent pregnancy loss: a meta-analysis and systematic review of the causal association.
A -819 C/T polymorphism in the interleukin-10 promoter is associated with persistent HBV infection, but -1082 A/G and -592A/C polymorphisms are not: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of folic acid supplementation in pregnancy on reducing the risk of  small-for-gestational age neonates: a population study, systematic review and meta-analysis.
Balancing the efficacy and safety of misoprostol: a meta-analysis comparing 25 versus 50 micrograms of intravaginal misoprostol for the induction of labour.
Effect of early tracheostomy on resource utilization and clinical outcomes in critically ill patients: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of combining tramadol and morphine in adult surgical patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of complication rates for single-loop versus dual-loop (Roux-en-Y)  with isolated pancreaticojejunostomy reconstruction after pancreaticoduodenectomy.
Association of inflammatory and hemostatic markers with stroke and thromboembolic events in atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between implantable cardioverter-defibrillator shocks and long-term mortality.
Transcatheter reduction of paravalvular leaks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of high-grade stomatitis with mTOR inhibitors in cancer patients.
The association between NQO1 Pro187Ser polymorphism and urinary system cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of 22 studies.
Is quadriceps endurance reduced in COPD?: a systematic review.
Self-management following an acute exacerbation of COPD: a systematic review.
Sarcoidosis and cancer risk: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Association between two polymorphisms of follicle stimulating hormone receptor gene and susceptibility to polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphisms  with vasculitis: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracies of procalcitonin and C-reactive protein for bacterial infection in patients with systemic rheumatic diseases: a meta-analysis.
Does nonsurgical treatment improve longitudinal outcomes of lateral epicondylitis over no treatment? A meta-analysis.
Open versus endoscopic carpal tunnel release: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The role of aerosolized colistin in the treatment of ventilator-associated pneumonia: a systematic review and metaanalysis.
Maternal exposure to fine particulate matter (PM2.5) and pregnancy outcomes: a meta-analysis.
ADAM33 polymorphisms and susceptibility to allergic rhinitis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of temperament in eating disorders.
Predictive role of BRAF mutations in patients with advanced colorectal cancer receiving cetuximab and panitumumab: a meta-analysis.
Conservative surgery in ovarian borderline tumours: a meta-analysis with emphasis on recurrence risk.
Therapy of endocrine disease. Effects of chronic use of phosphodiesterase inhibitors on endothelial markers in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Management of endocrine disease. Effects of telecare intervention on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Nut consumption and risk of stroke.
Bimanual microincision versus standard coaxial small-incision cataract surgery: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Survival benefit and additional value of preoperative chemoradiotherapy in resectable gastric and gastro-oesophageal junction cancer: a direct and adjusted  indirect comparison meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies Identifies Novel Loci Associated With Optic Disc Morphology.
Fractional flow reserve versus angiography for guiding percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
The effect of radiofrequency ablation vs. liver resection on survival outcome of  colorectal liver metastases (CRLM): a meta-analysis.
Anti-TNF-A therapy about infliximab and adalimamab for the effectiveness in ulcerative colitis compared with conventional therapy: a meta-analysis.
The impact of anesthetic techniques on survival for patients with colorectal cancer: evidence based on six studies.
Outcomes of laparoscopic colorectal surgery in patients of previous abdominal surgery: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of saline infusion sonography in the evaluation of uterine cavity abnormalities prior to assisted reproductive techniques: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
The role of seminal plasma for improved outcomes during in vitro fertilization treatment: review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Combined effect of blood pressure and total cholesterol levels on long-term risks of subtypes of cardiovascular death: Evidence for Cardiovascular Prevention from  Observational Cohorts in Japan.
Efficacy of interventions for prevention of chemotherapy-induced alopecia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gamma glutamyltransferase, alanine aminotransferase and risk of cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of rapid versus standard HIV voluntary counselling and testing on receipt rate of HIV test results: a meta-analysis.
An individual task meta-analysis of social cognition in euthymic bipolar disorders.
Prevalence of aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease among asthmatic patients: A meta-analysis of the literature.
Is intra-articular hyaluronic acid effective in treating osteoarthritis of the hip joint?
Anterior vs. posterior approach for total hip arthroplasty, a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of the let-7 family in various carcinomas: A meta-analysis update.
Association between the receptor for advanced glycation end products gene polymorphisms and cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alzheimer disease and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Vitiligo-like depigmentation in patients with stage III-IV melanoma receiving immunotherapy and its association with survival: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Insight into mental disorders and suicidal behavior: a qualitative and quantitative multimodal investigation.
Panoramic measures for oral bone mass in detecting osteoporosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of premorbid hypertension and neurological status in aneurysmal  subarachnoid hemorrhage: pooled analyses of individual patient data in the SAHIT  repository.
Impact of intracranial pressure monitoring on mortality in patients with traumatic brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary sodium reduction does not affect circulating glucose concentrations in fasting children or adults: findings from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surgical treatment of adult mandibular condylar fractures provides better outcomes than closed treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Identifying effective techniques within psychological treatments for irritable bowel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Synchronous colorectal liver metastasis: a network meta-analysis review comparing classical, combined, and liver-first surgical strategies.
Meta-analysis of lobectomy, segmentectomy, and wedge resection for stage I non-small cell lung cancer.
Adjuvant chemoradiotherapy versus chemotherapy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Percutaneous coronary invervention versus coronary artery bypass grafting: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review for the screening for peripheral arterial disease in asymptomatic patients.
Similar failure and patency rates when comparing one- and two-stage basilic vein  transposition.
Learning to detect, categorize, and identify skin lesions: a meta-analysis.
Tonsillar Helicobacter pylori colonization in chronic tonsillitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials: efficacy and safety of UDCA-based therapies in primary biliary cirrhosis.
Intramedullary nail versus plate fixation for humeral shaft fractures: a systematic review of overlapping meta-analyses.
Interventions for treating displaced midshaft clavicular fractures: a Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Circulating microRNAs as biomarkers in hepatocellular carcinoma screening: a validation set from China.
Efficacy and safety of antiintegrin antibody for inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatments for shoulder impingement syndrome: a PRISMA systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Histopathological diagnostic value of the IgG4+/IgG+ ratio of plasmacytic infiltration for IgG4-related diseases: a PRISMA-compliant systematic review and  meta-analysis.
C-reactive protein and white blood cell count as triage test between urgent and nonurgent conditions in 2961 patients with acute abdominal pain.
[EPHX1 Tyr113His polymorphism contributes to hepatocellular carcinoma risk: evidfnce from a meta-analysis].
Combined low dose local anesthetics and opioids versus single use of LA for transurethral urological surgery: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of hepatitis B virus infection in Nigeria, 2000-2013: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is there an association between aircraft noise exposure and the incidence of hypertension? A meta-analysis of 16784 participants.
Pharmacologic intervention for retained placenta: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids to prevent preterm birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physical activity interventions in pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Occupational polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and risk of larynx cancer:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of smoking status on the progression-free survival of non-small cell lung cancer patients harboring activating epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations receiving first-line EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor versus platinum doublet chemotherapy: a meta-analysis of prospective randomized trials.
The effect of MTHFR ala222val polymorphism on open-angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Stereotactic radiosurgery for facial nerve schwannomas: meta-analysis and clinical review.
Balloon eustachian tuboplasty: a systematic review.
Parent-based adolescent sexual health interventions and effect on communication outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
Congenital stationary night blindness: an analysis and update of genotype-phenotype correlations and pathogenic mechanisms.
Psycho-oncologic interventions to reduce distress in cancer patients: a meta-analysis of controlled clinical studies published in People's Republic of China.
A possible link between ankylosing spondylitis and periodontitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of potential relationship between Epstein-Barr-Encoded-RNA (EBER) and onset time of post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorders.
pANCA positivity predicts lower clinical response to infliximab therapy among patients with IBD.
Prevalence of vitamin D inadequacy in athletes: a systematic-review and meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance imaging in experimental stroke and comparison with histology:  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the spectrum and outcomes of different histologic subtypes of noninvasive and invasive intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms.
Effects of CPAP on body weight in patients with obstructive sleep apnoea: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
The proportion and trend of human immunodeficiency virus infections associated with men who have sex with men from Chinese voluntary blood donors: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Self-transfer and mortality amongst adults lost to follow-up in ART programmes in low- and middle-income countries: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Novel blood-based microRNA biomarkers for diagnosis of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Clinicopathological significance of steroidogenic factor-1 expression in ovarian  cancer versus ovarian sex cord stromal tumor.
Prognostic value of MGMT methylation in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis and literature review.
Aberrant promoter hypermethylation of p16 gene in endometrial carcinoma.
Circulating microRNA-21 as a biomarker for the detection of various carcinomas: an updated meta-analysis based on 36 studies.
The clinical utility of microRNA-21 as novel biomarker for diagnosing human cancers.
The polymorphism MMP1 -1607 (1G>2G) is associated with a significantly increased  risk of cancers from a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of bevacizumab combined with chemotherapy in treatment of HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer: a meta-analysis based on published phase  III trials.
Impact of MDM2 gene polymorphism on sarcoma risk.
Impact of serum vitamin D level on risk of bladder cancer: a systemic review and  meta-analysis.
Critical appraisal of network meta-analyses evaluating the efficacy and safety of new oral anticoagulants in atrial fibrillation stroke prevention trials.
[Effects of DNMT3A gene mutations on prognosis of patients with acute myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis].
[Body mass index and all-cause mortality in Asian adults: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of internal fixation versus hip replacement in the treatment of trochanteric fractures].
Extended duration dual antiplatelet therapy and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Season of birth and subclinical psychosis: systematic review and meta-analysis of new and existing data.
Muscle energy technique for non-specific low-back pain.
Time-lapse systems for embryo incubation and assessment in assisted reproduction.
Family-based programmes for preventing smoking by children and adolescents.
As required versus fixed schedule analgesic administration for postoperative pain in children.
Ultrasound versus liver function tests for diagnosis of common bile duct stones.
Branched-chain amino acids for people with hepatic encephalopathy.
Interventions for vitiligo.
Interventions to increase adherence to medications for tobacco dependence.
Pulmonary rehabilitation for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Improving selection criteria for early cystectomy in high-grade t1 bladder cancer: a meta-analysis of 15,215 patients.
Morita therapy for anxiety disorders in adults.
Multidisciplinary biopsychosocial rehabilitation for chronic low back pain: Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of prone position with sudden unexpected death in epilepsy.
Thromboelastography (TEG) and rotational thromboelastometry (ROTEM) for trauma induced coagulopathy in adult trauma patients with bleeding.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of the risk of bleeding with apixaban versus vitamin K antagonists.
Hematologic toxicity assessment in solid tumor patients treated with cetuximab: a pooled analysis of 18 randomized controlled trials.
Computer use and carpal tunnel syndrome: A meta-analysis.
Conservative interventions for preventing clinically detectable upper-limb lymphoedema in patients who are at risk of developing lymphoedema after breast cancer therapy.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
Bronchoalveolar lavage and lung biopsy in patients with cancer and hematopoietic  stem-cell transplantation recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Blood pressure lowering in type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surgery for small asymptomatic abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Diagnostic accuracy of endoscopic ultrasonography (EUS) for the preoperative locoregional staging of primary gastric cancer.
Elevated serum levels of IL-2R, IL-1RA, and CXCL9 are associated with a poor prognosis in follicular lymphoma.
Labour induction with prostaglandins: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter anomalies in Parkinson variant of multiple system atrophy and Parkinson's disease using anatomic likelihood estimation.
Effects of blood pressure reduction in mild hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption and site-specific cancer risk: a comprehensive dose-response  meta-analysis.
Linking simulation-based educational assessments and patient-related outcomes: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
The risk of prostate cancer in pilots: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on age-associated changes in blood DNA methylation: results from  an original analysis pipeline for Infinium 450k data.
Meta-analysis on risk of bleeding with apixaban in patients with renal impairment.
Meta-analysis of deferral versus performance of coronary intervention based on coronary pressure-derived fractional flow reserve.
Genetic loci associated with circulating phospholipid trans fatty acids: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from the CHARGE Consortium.
Incidence, prevalence, and temporal trends of microscopic colitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acute kidney injury and prognosis after cardiopulmonary bypass: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Diabetes and hypertension prevalence in homeless adults in the United States: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rotator cuff repair: published evidence on factors associated with repair integrity and clinical outcome.
Laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass versus sleeve gastrectomy for obese patients with Type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of ondansetron on the efficacy of postoperative tramadol: a systematic review and meta-analysis of a drug interaction.
Crystalloids versus colloids: exploring differences in fluid requirements by systematic review and meta-regression.
Sodium bicarbonate and renal function after cardiac surgery: a prospectively planned individual patient meta-analysis.
The diagnostic accuracy of bedside ocular ultrasonography for the diagnosis of retinal detachment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CEBPE polymorphism confers an increased risk of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a meta-analysis of 11 case-control studies with 5,639 cases and 10,036  controls.
Meta-analysis of survival after pleurectomy decortication versus extrapleural pneumonectomy in mesothelioma.
Pregnancy outcomes of induced labor in women with previous cesarean section: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence of adjacent segment degeneration in cervical disc arthroplasty versus anterior cervical decompression and fusion meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Design and effects of supportive followup interventions in clinical care of patients with rheumatic diseases: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Clinical and structural outcomes after arthroscopic repair of full-thickness rotator cuff tears with and without platelet-rich product supplementation: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
A temporary compendium of thyroid hormone target genes in brain.
Laparoendoscopic single-site (LESS) vs laparoscopic living-donor nephrectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of superficial versus deep injection of radioactive tracer and blue dye for lymphatic mapping and detection of sentinel lymph nodes in breast cancer.
Meta-analysis of ultrasound-guided biopsy of suspicious axillary lymph nodes in the selection of patients with extensive axillary tumour burden in breast cancer.
Localising semantic and syntactic processing in spoken and written language comprehension: an Activation Likelihood Estimation meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis of progression free survival and overall survival in first-line treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
What is the role of tiotropium in asthma?: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Single-dose etomidate does not increase mortality in patients with sepsis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and observational studies.
Direct oral anticoagulants in patients with VTE and cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of fluorodeoxyglucose-PET imaging for differentiating benign from malignant pleural effusions: a meta-analysis.
General effect of low-dose tamsulosin (0.2 mg) as a first-line treatment for lower urinary tract symptoms associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variants of PLA2G6 are associated with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and triglyceride levels in a Chinese population.
Transanal endoscopic microsurgery versus standard transanal excision for the removal of rectal neoplasms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between EPHX1 polymorphism and esophageal cancer risk: evidence from meta-analysis.
The temperature-mortality relationship in China: An analysis from 66 Chinese communities.
Topical anesthetic preparations for rigid and flexible endoscopy: a meta-analysis.
The effects of psychological treatment of maternal depression on children and parental functioning: a meta-analysis.
Targeted hepatitis C antibody testing interventions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tea consumption and risk of cardiovascular outcomes and total mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective observational studies.
Meta-analysis of estradiol for luteal phase support in in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection.
Comparative effectiveness of immunosuppressants and biologics for inducing and maintaining remission in Crohn's disease: a network meta-analysis.
Self-affirmation and responses to health messages: a meta-analysis on intentions  and behavior.
Portal hypertension and the outcome of surgery for hepatocellular carcinoma in compensated cirrhosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study for refractive astigmatism reveals genetic co-determination with spherical equivalent refractive error: the CREAM consortium.
Genome-wide association study in Chinese identifies novel loci for blood pressure and hypertension.
Magnitude of blood pressure reduction in the placebo arms of modern hypertension  trials: implications for trials of renal denervation.
Burden of undiagnosed hypertension in sub-saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of medium-chain triglycerides on weight loss and body composition: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Adhesion to zirconia used for dental restorations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Salvage procedures after restorative proctocolectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Characteristics and effectiveness of fall prevention programs in nursing homes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is elective cesarean section associated with a higher risk of asthma? A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: parental interventions for preschool ADHD.
Clinical review: Drugs commonly associated with weight change: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bone turnover, bone mineral density, and fracture risk in acromegaly: a meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance imaging improves breast screening sensitivity in BRCA mutation carriers age ≥ 50 years: evidence from an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Emergency department attendance by patients with cancer in their last month of life: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Short-term risk of colorectal cancer in individuals with lynch syndrome: a meta-analysis.
A model-based meta-analysis of the influence of factors that impact adherence to  medications.
C-reactive protein alterations in bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of type-specific human papillomavirus prevalence in Iranian women with normal cytology, precancerous cervical lesions and invasive cervical cancer: Implications for screening and vaccination.
Effects of laparoscopic versus minilaparotomic myomectomy on uterine leiomyoma: a meta-analysis.
APOE genotype and neuroimaging markers of Alzheimer's disease: systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of cholinesterase inhibitors and memantine in cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease, Parkinson's disease dementia, and dementia with Lewy bodies: systematic review with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
Biomechanical analysis of screw constructs for atlantoaxial fixation in cadavers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Parenteral fish oil-containing lipid emulsions may reverse parenteral nutrition-associated cholestasis in neonates: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exposure to nitrofurantoin during early pregnancy and congenital malformations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of autologous fat grafting for breast reconstruction: a systematic review with meta-analysis of oncological outcomes.
Heading toward radioactive seed localization in non-palpable breast cancer surgery? A meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of hepatic artery based therapies for unresectable intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.
Effect of Huangshukuihua (Flos Abelmoschi Manihot) on diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on integrative medicine for the treatment of malig- nant ascites: a comparative study.
Meta-analysis of the effects of statins on perioperative outcomes in vascular and endovascular surgery.
Subtotal cholecystectomy for "difficult gallbladders": systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hormonal contraceptive use and women's risk of HIV acquisition: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Pharmacotherapy for neuropathic pain in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adjuvant chemotherapy after preoperative (chemo)radiotherapy and surgery for patients with rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual  patient data.
A systematic review and meta-analysis evaluating completeness and outcomes of robotic thyroidectomy.
Effect of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme a reductase inhibitor on disease activity in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Estrogen supplementation to progesterone as luteal phase support in patients undergoing in vitro fertilization: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between female hormonal and menstrual factors and pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Effectiveness of the apparent diffusion coefficient for predicting the response to chemoradiation therapy in locally advanced rectal cancer: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) or PD-1 ligand 1 (PD-L1) Expression in epithelial-originated cancer: a meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes and quality of life following surgical treatment for refractory epilepsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of cranial facet joint violation rate between percutaneous and open pedicle screw placement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of implantable cardioconverter defibrillator or cardiac resynchronization therapy compared with combined therapy in survival of patients  with heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Effect of lifestyle intervention in patients with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The association between the APE1 Asp148Glu polymorphism and prostate cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on case-control studies.
Current evidences on the XPG Asp1104His polymorphism and melanoma susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on case-control studies.
Association between the STK15 polymorphisms and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Lysyl oxidase rs1800449 polymorphism and cancer risk among Asians: evidence from  a meta-analysis and a case-control study of colorectal cancer.
Identification of six new susceptibility loci for invasive epithelial ovarian cancer.
[A review about new approaches using the Internet and computer technology for people with drug use disorder].
Standard individual cognitive behaviour therapy for paediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder: a systematic review of effect estimates across comparisons.
No association between wolframin gene H611R polymorphism and mood disorders: evidence from 2,570 subjects.
Chromium VI and stomach cancer: a meta-analysis of the current epidemiological evidence.
Cervical and lumbar pain and radiological degeneration among fighter pilots: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Electrical stimulation for pain relief in knee osteoarthritis: systematic review  and network meta-analysis.
Knee extensor muscle weakness is a risk factor for development of knee osteoarthritis. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Biomechanical effects of valgus knee bracing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early versus late tracheostomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bullying and suicidal ideation and behaviors: a meta-analysis.
Duration of pertussis immunity after DTaP immunization: a meta-analysis.
Dang shen [Codonopsis pilosula (Franch.) Nannf] herbal formulae for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors versus cranial radiation therapy for EGFR mutant  non-small cell lung cancer with brain metastases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bevacizumab versus ranibizumab for neovascular age-related macular degeneration:  a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the effect of new-media interventions on sexual-health behaviours.
Epidural injections in prevention of surgery for spinal pain: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Job strain and the risk of stroke: an individual-participant data meta-analysis.
Use of follow-up imaging in isolated perimesencephalic subarachnoid hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopy for rectal cancer is oncologically adequate: a systematic review and  meta-analysis of the literature.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of safety and efficacy of laparoscopic resection for gastrointestinal stromal tumors of the stomach.
Laparoscopic colorectal surgery confers lower mortality in the elderly: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 66,483 patients.
High c-Met expression is a negative prognostic marker for colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 R399Q polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk in the Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis.
MACC1 overexpression and survival in solid tumors: a meta-analysis.
Alcohol dehydrogenase-1B Arg47His polymorphism is associated with head and neck cancer risk in Asian: a meta-analysis.
The hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism contributes to digestive system cancer susceptibility: evidence from 48 case-control studies.
Differential diagnosis between hepatic metastases and benign focal lesions using  DWI with parallel acquisition technique: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of circulating microRNAs as biomarkers for breast cancer: a meta-analysis study.
Prognostic value of CD133 expression in cancer patients treated with chemoradiotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Treatment-related fatigue with everolimus and temsirolimus in patients with cancer-a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Causal relevance of circulating adiponectin with cancer: a meta-analysis implementing Mendelian randomization.
[What is the optimal oxygen saturation for extremely premature infants? A Meta analysis].
[Long-term clinical efficacy of mild hypothermia therapy in neonates with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy: a Meta analysis].
[Meta-analysis of the relationship between particulate matter (PM(10) and PM(2.5)) and asthma hospital admissions in children].
[Reinfection of Schistosoma japonicum and related risk factors in Chinese: Meta-analysis].
The brain-derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met polymorphism is not associated with schizophrenia: an updated meta-analysis of 11,480 schizophrenia cases and 13,490 controls.
The prevalence of Giardia infection in dogs and cats, a systematic review and meta-analysis of prevalence studies from stool samples.
Adult weight gain and adiposity-related cancers: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective observational studies.
HMG-coenzyme A reductase inhibition, type 2 diabetes, and bodyweight: evidence from genetic analysis and randomised trials.
The MTHFR C677T polymorphism contributes to increased risk of Alzheimer's disease: evidence based on 40 case-control studies.
Glibenclamide, metformin, and insulin for the treatment of gestational diabetes:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intermediate and long-term quality of life after total knee replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sedentary time and its association with risk for disease incidence, mortality, and hospitalization in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of single baseline measurement of Elecsys Troponin T high-sensitive assay for diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction in emergency department: systematic review and meta-analysis.
QTc interval prolongation with vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors.
Benefit of radial approach in reducing the incidence of acute kidney injury after percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of 22,108 patients.
Risk of major bleeding in different indications for new oral anticoagulants: insights from a meta-analysis of approved dosages from 50 randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of the effects of lifestyle modifications on coronary and carotid atherosclerotic burden.
Association between dietary fiber and lower risk of all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
METAINTER: meta-analysis of multiple regression models in genome-wide association studies.
Meta-analysis of face processing event-related potentials in schizophrenia.
Cannabis use and mania symptoms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Varicella-zoster virus-derived major histocompatibility complex class I-restricted peptide affinity is a determining factor in the HLA risk profile for the development of postherpetic neuralgia.
Determining patients' satisfaction level with hospital emergency rooms in Iran: a meta-analysis.
Long working hours and alcohol use: systematic review and meta-analysis of published studies and unpublished individual participant data.
A community empowerment approach to the HIV response among sex workers: effectiveness, challenges, and considerations for implementation and scale-up.
Meta-analysis of correlated traits via summary statistics from GWASs with an application in hypertension.
Spatial and temporal characteristics of error-related activity in the human brain.
Comparative effectiveness of pharmacologic interventions for knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Common harms from amoxicillin: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials for any indication.
β-Catenin is central to DUX4-driven network rewiring in facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy.
Blood glucose concentration and risk of pancreatic cancer: systematic review and  dose-response meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: testing for reporting bias.
Cytochrome P1B1 (CYP1B1) polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 52 studies.
Risk factors and screening instruments to predict adverse outcomes for undifferentiated older emergency department patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of MDM2 polymorphism with risk and prognosis of leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Allogeneic stem-cell transplantation for peripheral T-cell lymphoma: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of contrast-enhanced ultrasound for the differentiation of benign and malignant breast lesions.
Efficacy of ultrasound-guided percutaneous needle treatment of calcific tendinitis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for noncardiac chest pain.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: magnetic resonance enterography signs for the detection of inflammation and intestinal damage in Crohn's disease.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: post-infectious functional dyspepsia.
The therapeutic effect and possible harm of puerarin for treatment of stage III diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of conventional and high-sensitivity troponin in patients with chest pain: a collaborative meta-analysis.
Variation in the SLC23A1 gene does not influence cardiometabolic outcomes to the  extent expected given its association with L-ascorbic acid.
Dairy products, calcium, and prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Effects of ultrasound-guided radial artery catheterization: an updated meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of pica and micronutrient status.
Prognostic significance of the morning blood pressure surge in clinical practice: a systematic review.
Expression and gene variation studies deny association of human HSD3B1 gene with  aldosterone production or blood pressure.
Tonsillectomy for IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Vancomycin-resistant enterococci colonization among dialysis patients: a meta-analysis of prevalence, risk factors, and significance.
Publication and level of evidence trends in the American Journal of Sports Medicine from 1996 to 2011.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of perineural dexamethasone for peripheral  nerve blocks.
Immediate rescue designs in pediatric analgesic trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of complications following the posterior and lateral surgical approaches to total hip arthroplasty.
A meta-analysis of fast track surgery for patients with gastric cancer undergoing gastrectomy.
Prevalence of extra-articular manifestations in patients with ankylosing spondylitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glycopeptides versus β-lactams for the prevention of surgical site infections in  cardiovascular and orthopedic surgery: a meta-analysis.
Mechanical prostheses for right ventricular outflow tract reconstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of induction therapy for advanced thymic epithelial tumors.
Paracetamol exposure in pregnancy and early childhood and development of childhood asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aspartame and Risk of Cancer: A Meta-analytic Review.
Association of fine particles with respiratory disease mortality: a meta-analysis.
Association of calcitonin receptor gene polymorphism with bone mineral density in postmenopausal Chinese women: a meta-analysis.
Association of the +331G/A progesterone receptor gene (PgR) polymorphism with risk of endometrial cancer in Caucasian women: a meta-analysis.
Cervical disc arthroplasty versus anterior cervical discectomy and fusion for treatment of symptomatic cervical disc disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Benefit of intraoperative navigation on glenoid component positioning during total shoulder arthroplasty.
Prevalence of depression after spinal cord injury: a meta-analysis.
Online child pornography offenders are different: a meta-analysis of the characteristics of online and offline sex offenders against children.
Death and disability in patients with sleep apnea--a meta-analysis.
Effect of weight loss on pulse wave velocity: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lipid profile changes in patients with chronic inflammatory arthritis treated with biologic agents and tofacitinib in randomized clinical trials: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Arthroscopic versus mini-open rotator cuff repair: an up-to-date meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Platelet-rich plasma in arthroscopic rotator cuff repair: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic value of maternal anthropometric measurements for predicting low birth weight in developing countries: a meta-analysis.
Calcium intake and the risk of stroke: an up-dated meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Early parenteral nutrition alone or accompanying enteral nutrition in critically  ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intake of cruciferous vegetables is associated with reduced risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Dairy consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease: an updated meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and non-communicable diseases: meta-analysis  based systematic review.
First- and second-trimester tests to predict stillbirth in unselected pregnant women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of progestogens to improve perinatal outcome in twin pregnancies: an individual participant data meta-analysis.
Does preoperative urodynamics improve outcomes for women undergoing surgery for stress urinary incontinence? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of exercise for the prevention and treatment of antenatal depression: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Metabolic syndrome and benign prostatic enlargement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between human papillomavirus 16 and esophageal cancer in Chinese  population: a meta-analysis.
Impact of pregabalin on acute and persistent postoperative pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of cooling prior to and during exercise on exercise performance and capacity in the heat: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis comparing three techniques for pancreatic remnant closure following distal pancreatectomy.
Meta-analysis of high- versus low-chloride content in perioperative and critical  care fluid resuscitation.
Electrosurgical bipolar vessel sealing during axillary lymphadenectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta analysis of the use of Bayesian networks in breast cancer diagnosis].
The effect of trimetazidine added to pharmacological treatment on all-cause mortality in patients with systolic heart failure.
The relationship between migraine and infant colic: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of effects of devascularization versus shunt on patients with portal hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of stress myocardial perfusion imaging compared to invasive coronary angiography with fractional flow reserve meta-analysis.
Exercise training in patients with heart failure and preserved ejection fraction: meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Anterior cruciate ligament biomechanics during robotic and mechanical simulations of physiologic and clinical motion tasks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D in ankylosing spondylitis: review and meta-analysis.
Protecting people against leprosy: chemoprophylaxis and immunoprophylaxis.
The rs3771863 single nucleotide polymorphism of the TACR1 gene is associated to a lower risk of sicca syndrome in fibromyalgia patients.
Diabetes mellitus risk factors in rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of statins therapy on disease activity and inflammatory factor in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of magnetic resonance imaging in diagnosis of liver iron overload: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preterm newborn readiness for oral feeding: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Packaging interventions to increase medication adherence: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anti-epidermal-growth-factor-receptor agents and complete responses in the treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of 17 phase III randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis examining pneumonia-associated mortality in dementia.
Validity of the assessment method of skeletal maturation by cervical vertebrae: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effective dose of dental CBCT-a meta analysis of published data and additional data for nine CBCT units.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies novel variants associated with fasting plasma glucose in East Asians.
Using real-world data to evaluate the association of incretin-based therapies with risk of acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of 1,324,515 patients from observational studies.
A meta-analysis of passive smoking and risk of developing Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Local resection compared with radical resection in the treatment of T1N0M0 rectal adenocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on occupational exposure to pesticides--neurobehavioral impact and  dose-response relationships.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the adverse health effects of ambient PM2.5 and PM10 pollution in the Chinese population.
Association between interleukin-10 polymorphisms and sepsis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of cognitive functions in children and adolescents with major depressive disorder.
Meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies of cigarette smoking and the incidence of colon and rectal cancers.
Overweight, obesity and risk of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Diagnostic accuracy and impact on management of (18)F-FDG PET and PET/CT in colorectal liver metastasis: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing latanoprost with other glaucoma medications in chronic angle-closure glaucoma.
Sentinel node biopsy for lymph nodal staging of uterine cervix cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the pertinent literature.
Diagnostic accuracy of real-time tissue elastography for the staging of liver fibrosis: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of LCI699 for hypertension: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and systematic review.
Genetic basis of type 2 diabetes--recommendations based on meta-analysis.
Anterior cervical discectomy versus corpectomy for multilevel cervical spondylotic myelopathy: a meta-analysis.
Multi-level cervical disc arthroplasty (CDA) versus single-level CDA for the treatment of cervical disc diseases: a meta-analysis.
Percutaneous nephrolithotomy versus retrograde intrarenal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of sequencing and combinations of systemic therapy in metastatic renal cancer.
Risk of mucocutaneous toxicities in patients with solid tumors treated with sunitinib: a critical review and meta analysis.
Two meta-analyses of noncontact healing studies.
Antimüllerian hormone as predictor of implantation and clinical pregnancy after assisted conception: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of gastric cancer treatment in patients with positive peritoneal cytology.
Comparative efficacy of pharmacologic interventions in preventing relapse of Crohn's disease after surgery: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
The analysis of microRNA-34 family expression in human cancer studies comparing cancer tissues with corresponding pericarcinous tissues.
Risk of second cancers cancer after a first primary breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic significance of troponin elevation in patients with sepsis: a meta-analysis.
Does off-pump coronary artery bypass confer any advantage in patients with end-stage renal failure? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of targeted therapy as monotherapy or combined therapy in patients  with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preventive effect of omental flap in pancreaticoduodenectomy against postoperative complications: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of effects of devascularization versus shunt on patients with portal hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Interferon-α combined with lamivudine versus lamivudine monotherapy for the emergence of YMDD mutations in chronic hepatitis B infection: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
K-Ras mutation and prognosis of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of diagnostic accuracy of aspartate aminotransferase to platelet ratio index and fibrosis-4 index for detecting liver fibrosis in adult patients with chronic hepatitis B virus infection: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Liberal versus restricted fluid administration in heart failure patients. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Epstein-Barr virus and risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in the cancer prevention study-II and a meta-analysis of serologic studies.
Clinicopathological and prognostic significance of circulating tumor cells in patients with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Treatment-related fatigue with sorafenib, sunitinib and pazopanib in patients with advanced solid tumors: an up-to-date review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Taichi exercise for self-rated sleep quality in older people: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intra-arterial thrombolysis vs. standard treatment or intravenous thrombolysis in adults with acute ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of sequential, concomitant and hybrid therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Lifestyle interventions for adults with impaired glucose tolerance: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of the effects on glycemic control.
XPD Lys751Gln polymorphisms and the risk of esophageal cancer: an updated meta-analysis.
Therapeutic effects of Lactobacillus in treating irritable bowel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
CC16 gene A38G polymorphism and susceptibility to asthma: an updated meta-analysis.
Indoor fungal diversity and asthma: a meta-analysis and systematic review of risk factors.
Efficacy and adverse effects of ginkgo biloba for cognitive impairment and dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between stroke and Alzheimer's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcome of patients with de novo versus nevus-associated melanoma.
Metastatic melanomas of unknown primary show better prognosis than those of known primary: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
The influence of social networking sites on health behavior change: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
β-Lactam/β-lactamase inhibitors versus carbapenems for the treatment of sepsis: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Internet-assisted delivery of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) for childhood anxiety: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Releasing of tourniquet before wound closure or not in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of prolonged dual anti-platelet therapy on reducing myocardial infarction  rate after percutaneous coronary intervention.
Meta-analysis on postoperative complications of wristband acupoint pressure therapy.
The effects of calcium supplementation on verified coronary heart disease hospitalization and death in postmenopausal women: a collaborative meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Association of rs712 polymorphism in Kras gene 3'-luntranslated region and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between estrogen receptor 1 (ESR1) genetic variations and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of GSTA1 contribute to elevated cancer risk: evidence from 15 studies.
LEP and LEPR polymorphisms in non-Hodgkin lymphoma risk: a systematic review and  pooled analysis.
Vitamin D receptor FokI, BsmI, TaqI, ApaI, and EcoRV polymorphisms and susceptibility to melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Is radiofrequency ablation equal to surgical re-resection for recurrent hepatocellular carcinoma meeting the Milan criteria? A meta-analysis.
Meta analysis of the association of cholesterol with pancreatic carcinoma risk.
Efficacy and safety of percutaneous radiofrequency ablation versus surgical resection for small hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of 23 studies.
Electrocardiographic PR prolongation and atrial fibrillation risk: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Celiac disease and bone fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Socioeconomic inequality and caries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of individual omega-3 fatty acids on the risk of prostate cancer: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
GWAS of longevity in CHARGE consortium confirms APOE and FOXO3 candidacy.
Is surgical site scrubbing before painting of value? Review and meta-analysis of  clinical studies.
Association of plasma interleukin-18 levels and polymorphisms in interleukin-18 gene with outcomes of hepatitis C virus infections: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of convalescent plasma and hyperimmune immunoglobulin for the treatment of severe acute respiratory infections of viral etiology: a systematic  review and exploratory meta-analysis.
Questioning vitamin D status of elderly fallers and nonfallers: a meta-analysis to address a 'forgotten step'.
Association between CC motif chemokine ligand 5 (CCL5) polymorphisms and asthma risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Management of appendiceal stump in laparoscopic appendectomy--clips or ligature:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of vaginal lubrication on unsatisfactory results of cervical smears.
Pharmacological treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of pathologic fracture in patients with high grade localized osteosarcoma: a systemic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
A meta-analytic review of the effects of exercise on brain-derived neurotrophic factor.
Antipsychotic augmentation with modafinil or armodafinil for negative symptoms of schizophrenia: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Psychometric properties of the 16-item Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Specific and common genes implicated across major mental disorders: a review of meta-analysis studies.
Neurophysiological effects of acute oxytocin administration: systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled imaging studies.
Psychological treatment for vaginal pain: does etiology matter? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical benefits of aortic cross-clamping versus limb remote ischemic preconditioning in coronary artery bypass grafting with cardiopulmonary bypass: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Volar locking plate versus external fixation for the treatment of unstable distal radial fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The association between serum selenium and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of prehospital transfer strategies in major trauma and head injury: systematic review, meta-analysis, and recommendations for study design.
Biofeedback for nonneuropathic daytime voiding disorders in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Open repair versus fenestrated endovascular aneurysm repair of juxtarenal aneurysms.
The risk of melanoma in airline pilots and cabin crew: a meta-analysis.
Medication therapy management interventions in outpatient settings: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of somatosensory evoked potential changes during carotid endarterectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of umbilical cord milking at birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Initial severity of schizophrenia and efficacy of antipsychotics: participant-level meta-analysis of 6 placebo-controlled studies.
Systematic lymphadenectomy in the treatment of epithelial ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis of multiple epidemiology studies.
Meniscal allograft transplantation in a symptomatic meniscal deficient knee: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis on biomechanical properties of meniscus repairs: are devices better than sutures?
A meta-analysis comparing meniscal repair with meniscectomy in the treatment of meniscal tears: the more meniscus, the better outcome?
Spatial and temporal distribution of soil-transmitted helminth infection in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and geostatistical meta-analysis.
The efficacy of steroids for edema and ecchymosis after rhinoplasty: a meta-analysis.
Steroids for treatment of sudden sensorineural hearing loss: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of Meniett therapy for Meniere's disease.
The prevalence of bacterial infection in acute rhinosinusitis: a Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Unattended sleep studies in pediatric OSA: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Cetuximab in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a systematic review and Meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of PET/CT for diagnosis of residual/recurrent nasopharyngeal carcinoma].
The safety of intravenous iron preparations: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of coenzyme Q10 on statin-induced myopathy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Associations of antiphospholipid antibodies with splanchnic vein thrombosis: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
D-dimer as a biomarker for acute aortic dissection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1) gene polymorphisms (TGF-β1 T869C and TGF-β1 T29C) and susceptibility to postmenopausal osteoporosis: a meta-analysis.
Long-term survival outcomes of laparoscopic versus open gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between three eNOS polymorphisms and intracranial aneurysms risk: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of strength training in individuals with multiple sclerosis or Parkinson disease.
Efficacy and safety of oral anticoagulants versus aspirin for patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
FeNO and asthma treatment in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of testosterone replacement therapy on prostate-specific antigen (PSA) levels in men being treated for hypogonadism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review with network meta-analysis: adjuvant chemotherapy for resected  colorectal liver metastases.
Association between the XRCC6 polymorphisms and cancer risks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comprehensive assessment of the association between miRNA polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk.
A comparison of rt-PA thrombolysis guidelines between China and the USA: are changes needed?
Three key regions for supervisory attentional control: evidence from neuroimaging meta-analyses.
Omega-3 fatty acids intake and risks of dementia and Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Long-term noise exposure and the risk for type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Family history and risk of endometrial cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of endometriosis on assisted reproductive technology outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mesh sacrocolpopexy compared with native tissue vaginal repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Salpingectomy and proximal tubal occlusion for hydrosalpinx prior to in vitro fertilization: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Shift work and diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Treatment efficacy differences of sorafenib for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Diabetes, fasting glucose, and the risk of glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of ginger in osteoarthritis patients: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Laparoscopic versus open repair of recto-bladderneck and recto-prostatic anorectal malformations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rapid normalization of vitamin D levels: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the proportion of dogs surrendered for dog-related and owner-related reasons.
How standard is standard care? Exploring control group outcomes in behaviour change interventions for young people with type 1 diabetes.
Context effects and behaviour change techniques in randomised trials: a systematic review using the example of trials to increase adherence to physical activity in musculoskeletal pain.
Differential attrition in health behaviour change trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Perfusion CT for selecting patients with acute ischemic stroke for intravenous thrombolytic therapy.
The role of boost and hypofractionation as adjuvant radiotherapy in patients with DCIS: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Accelerated partial irradiation for breast cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of 8653 women in eight randomized trials.
Risk of second non-breast cancer after radiotherapy for breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 762,468 patients.
Gender-specific differences in Adamantiades-Behçet's disease manifestations: an analysis of the German registry and meta-analysis of data from the literature.
Incidence and prevalence of inflammatory myopathies: a systematic review.
Sensitivity and specificity of the hyperdense artery sign for arterial obstruction in acute ischemic stroke.
Risk of thromboembolic events in atrial fibrillation with chronic kidney disease.
Plaque echolucency and stroke risk in asymptomatic carotid stenosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of adjunctive non-NK1 receptor antagonist medications for the control of acute and delayed chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of laparoscopic versus open distal pancreatectomy for benign and malignant lesions of the pancreas: it's time to randomize.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on the efficacy of selective laser trabeculoplasty in open-angle glaucoma.
Low-risk transfusion-related acute lung injury donor strategies and the impact on the onset of transfusion-related acute lung injury: a meta-analysis.
A comparison of the types of screening tool administration methods used for the detection of intimate partner violence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in IL-4/IL-13 pathway genes and glioma risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Serum autoantibodies in the early detection of esophageal cancer: a systematic review.
Association of osteopontin expression with the prognosis of glioma patient: a meta-analysis.
In vivo post-contrast 1H-MRS evaluation of malignant and benign breast lesions: a meta-analysis.
Associations between the cytotoxic T lymphocyte antigen 4 polymorphisms and risk  of bone sarcomas.
Network meta-analysis: development of a three-level hierarchical modeling approach incorporating dose-related constraints.
[The early post-stroke mobilization].
A meta-analysis of the predictive accuracy of postoperative mortality using the American Society of Anesthesiologists' physical status classification system.
A meta-analysis of short-term outcomes of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus  and BMI ≤ 35 kg/m2 undergoing Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.
Efficacy and safety of endoscopic resection therapies for rectal carcinoid tumors: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of blood system adverse events of Tripterygium wilfordii].
[Meta-analysis on effect of compound Danshen injection in treating neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy].
[Prevalence of dyslipidemia in Chinese children and adolescents:a Meta-analysis].
[Effect and safety of L-carnitine in the treatment of idiopathic oligoasthenozoospermia: a systemic review].
Effects of periodontal treatment on glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Iron therapy in anaemic adults without chronic kidney disease.
Use of electronic health records to support smoking cessation.
Association of the angiotensin-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of polymorphisms in TPH2 gene and suicidal behavior.
Constraint-induced movement therapy: trial sequential analysis applied to Cochrane collaboration systematic review results.
The efficacy and safety of different anticoagulants on patients with severe sepsis and derangement of coagulation: a protocol for network meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Tobacco smoking and risk of endometriosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Trans-ethnic meta-analysis of white blood cell phenotypes.
A genome-wide association study identifies a novel locus at 6q22.1 associated with ulcerative colitis.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist and basal insulin combination treatment  for the management of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of β blockers in patients with heart failure plus atrial fibrillation: an individual-patient data meta-analysis.
Serum glucose and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effects of lixisenatide on elevated liver transaminases: systematic review with individual patient data meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials on patients with type 2 diabetes.
Antibiotic regimens for management of intra-amniotic infection.
Intermittent self-dilatation for urethral stricture disease in males.
Relationship between circulating tumor cells and tumor response in colorectal cancer patients treated with chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Screening and treatment for Staphylococcus aureus in patients undergoing hemodialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions for preventing and ameliorating cognitive deficits in adults treated with cranial irradiation.
Rapid diagnostic tests for diagnosing uncomplicated non-falciparum or Plasmodium  vivax malaria in endemic countries.
Associations between variants on ADIPOQ and ADIPOR1 with colorectal cancer risk:  a Chinese case-control study and updated meta-analysis.
Elevated VEGF levels contribute to the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis.
Household food insecurity in the Islamic Republic of Iran: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Which implant should we use for primary total hip replacement? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of preoperative pelvic floor muscle training for urinary incontinence after radical prostatectomy: a meta-analysis.
Lutein and zeaxanthin supplementation and association with visual function in age-related macular degeneration.
Protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis of hepatitis C virus (HCV) prevalence and incidence in the Horn of Africa sub-region of the Middle East and  North Africa.
A meta-analysis of mortality and major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events in patients undergoing transfemoral versus transapical transcatheter aortic valve implantation using edwards valve for severe aortic stenosis.
The effects of psychological interventions on depression and anxiety among Chinese adults with cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Association between HIF-1α C1772T/G1790A polymorphisms and cancer susceptibility: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis based on 40 case-control studies.
Household interventions for preventing domestic lead exposure in children.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies two loci associated with circulating osteoprotegerin levels.
Toxoplasmosis in immunocompromised patients in Iran: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 K469E polymorphism and risk of coronary artery  disease: a meta-analysis.
Educational interventions for general practitioners to identify and manage depression as a suicide risk factor in young people: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
Nasogastric nutrition is efficacious in severe acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surfactant for meconium aspiration syndrome in term and late preterm infants.
Daptomycin versus linezolid for treatment of vancomycin-resistant enterococcal bacteremia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between breastfeeding and childhood obesity: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of school-based preventive interventions on adolescent alcohol use: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk-reducing salpingo-oophorectomy: a meta-analysis on impact on ovarian cancer  risk and all cause mortality in BRCA 1 and BRCA 2 mutation carriers.
Early versus delayed oral fluids and food for reducing complications after major  abdominal gynaecologic surgery.
Migraine and breast cancer risk: a prospective cohort study and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of POLE proofreading mutations in endometrial cancer.
Single and combined use of human parathyroid hormone (PTH) (1-34) on areal bone mineral density (aBMD) in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis: evidence based  on 9 RCTs.
A meta-analysis of IL-13 polymorphisms and pediatric asthma risk.
Different durations of corticosteroid therapy for exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents for anaemia in adults with chronic kidney disease: a network meta-analysis.
Associations between C1772T polymorphism in hypoxia-inducible factor-1α gene and  breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Randomised placebo-controlled trials of individualised homeopathic treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of mycophenolate mofetil treatment in IgA nephropathy: a systematic review.
Lactobacillus reuteri DSM 17938 for managing infant colic: protocol for an individual participant data meta-analysis.
Association between the -77T>C polymorphism in the DNA repair gene XRCC1 and lung cancer risk.
Polymorphism of the OLR1 3'UTR potential microRNA binding site and risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Correlation between MTP -493G>T polymorphism and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Fracture risk in long term care: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective observational studies.
Antidepressants for people with epilepsy and depression.
rs833061 and rs699947 on promoter gene of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and associated lung cancer susceptibility and survival: a meta-analysis.
Long-term proton pump inhibitor (PPI) use and the development of gastric pre-malignant lesions.
Clinical effectiveness of chin cup treatment for the management of Class III malocclusion in pre-pubertal patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance imaging with gadoxetic acid disodium for the detection of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of 18 studies.
Preemptive analgesia effects of ketamine in patients undergoing surgery. A meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of carcinoembryonic antigen in malignancy-related ascites: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exploratory meta-analysis on deep brain stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
System review and meta-analysis on photodynamic therapy in central serous chorioretinopathy.
Meta-analysis shows that infants who have suffered neonatal sepsis face an increased risk of mortality and severe complications.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of drug treatments for bipolar depression: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
Risk of dementia and mild cognitive impairment in older people with subjective memory complaints: meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of prevalence estimates and moderators of low bone mass in people with schizophrenia.
Waist circumference and risk of lower urinary tract symptoms: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between polymorphisms of estrogen receptor α genes rs9340799 and rs2234693 and Alzheimer's disease: evidence from 23 articles.
Treatment of pemphigus vulgaris and pemphigus foliaceus: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for circulating phylloquinone concentrations.
Effects of salt substitutes on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of n-3 PUFA supplementation on cognitive function throughout the life span from infancy to old age: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of oat β-glucan: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
p16INK4a immunohistochemistry in cervical biopsy specimens: A systematic review and meta-analysis of the interobserver agreement.
Tranexamic acid for traumatic brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of common variants in PCSK1 with obesity: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Clinic visits in late-life depression trials: effects on signal detection and therapeutic outcome.
Trends in the prevalence of hypertension in island and coastal areas of china: a  systematic review with meta-analysis.
GFR decline and subsequent risk of established kidney outcomes: a meta-analysis of 37 randomized controlled trials.
GFR decline as an alternative end point to kidney failure in clinical trials: a meta-analysis of treatment effects from 37 randomized trials.
The comparative safety of tumor necrosis factor inhibitors in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis update of 44 trials.
Overview of the repeatability, reproducibility, and agreement of the biometry values provided by various ophthalmic devices.
Effectiveness of computerized decision support systems linked to electronic health records: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy a lower risk bariatric procedure compared with laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass? A meta-analysis.
Antifungal prophylaxis in liver transplantation: a systematic review and network  meta-analysis.
Lack of association between APOE gene polymorphisms and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
The efficacy of lidocaine to prevent laryngospasm in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of suggestive techniques in reducing postoperative side effects: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Relation between eosinophilic esophagitis and oral immunotherapy for food allergy: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of elevated troponin in non-cardiac hospitalized patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Markers of cardiovascular risk in patients with antiphospholipid syndrome: a meta-analysis of literature studies.
Associations of prediabetes with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of cognitive behavioural therapy and advocacy interventions for women who have experienced intimate partner violence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of glucagon-like peptide-1 agents on left ventricular function: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Drug-coated balloon angioplasty for drug-eluting stent restenosis: insight from randomized controlled trials.
Prosthesis infection: diagnosis after total joint arthroplasty with three-phase bone scintigraphy.
Prognostic value of CpG island methylator phenotype among colorectal cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and tolerability of topical prostaglandin analogues for primary open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies novel variants associated with osteoarthritis of the hip.
Contralateral prophylactic mastectomy after unilateral breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ring or suture annuloplasty for tricuspid regurgitation? A meta-analysis review.
Postoperative atrial fibrillation prophylaxis after lung surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hand-assisted versus conventional laparoscopic splenectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Herpes simplex virus type 2 and the risk of cervical cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of noninvasive cranial nerve neuromodulation  for nervous system disorders.
Mutations associated with severity of the pandemic influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 in humans: a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological evidence.
Risk of bias and brand explain the observed inconsistency in trials on glucosamine for symptomatic relief of osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of assay sensitivity and study features in clinical trials of pharmacologic treatments for osteoarthritis pain.
Hamstring autograft versus soft-tissue allograft in anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparative efficacies of fluoxetine and paroxetine in major depression across varying acute-phase treatment periods: a meta-analysis.
Associations between TNFSF15 polymorphisms and susceptibility to ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease: A meta-analysis.
Population pharmacokinetic meta-analysis of vortioxetine in healthy individuals.
The influence of diabetes mellitus on the post-operative outcome of elective primary total knee replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of thrombopoietin-receptor agonists in myelodysplastic syndromes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The impact of chelation therapy on survival in transfusional iron overload: a meta-analysis of myelodysplastic syndrome.
Meta-analysis of diagnostic value of 18F-FDG PET or PET/CT for detecting lymph node and distant metastases in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Meta-analysis of gut barrier dysfunction in patients with acute pancreatitis.
The prognostic value of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in triple-negative breast  cancer: a meta-analysis.
Obstructive sleep apnea as a predictor of atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of cognitive functioning in nondemented adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of microRNA-21 in colorectal cancer: an original  study and individual participant data meta-analysis.
Association between interleukin-8 -251A/T polymorphism and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Infectious complications in cancer patients treated with anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies cetuximab and panitumumab: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin E supplementation and mortality in healthy people: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Quantitative assessment of the association between MS gene polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk.
Genetic association between AGPHD1 variant and lung cancer risk.
Genetic association of BSF2 polymorphism and susceptibility to lung cancer.
Association between a single nucleotide polymorphism in the TP53 region and risk  of ovarian cancer.
Polymorphism of DNA repair gene xrcc1 and lung cancer risk.
Uric acid as a predictor of in-hospital mortality in acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of the association between CD143 gene polymorphism and psoriasis.
Genetic variants in C-reactive protein and ischemic stroke susceptibility.
Quantitative assessment of the association between HDMX polymorphism and sarcoma.
Prognostic value of plasma heart-type fatty acid-binding protein in patients with acute pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
BRAF V600E mutation as a predictive factor of anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies therapeutic effects in metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation in patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CYP2C19 genotype has a greater effect on adverse cardiovascular outcomes following percutaneous coronary intervention and in Asian populations treated with clopidogrel: a meta-analysis.
Plasma concentrations of afamin are associated with the prevalence and development of metabolic syndrome.
Culprit vessel only vs immediate complete revascularization in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of mite-impermeable covers: a hypothesis-generating meta-analysis.
Placebo response rate in clinical trials of fistulizing Crohn's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Allium vegetables and garlic supplements do not reduce risk of colorectal cancer, based on meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Evaluating cell-of-origin subtype methods for predicting diffuse large B-cell lymphoma survival: a meta-analysis of gene expression profiling and immunohistochemistry algorithms.
A meta-analysis of interlaminar minimally invasive discectomy compared to conventional microdiscectomy for lumbar disk herniation.
Meta-analysis of psychological treatments for posttraumatic stress disorder in adult survivors of childhood abuse.
Outcomes associated with virtual reality in psychological interventions: where are we now?
The co-occurrence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and unipolar depression in children and adolescents: a meta-analytic review.
Diagnostic value of magnetic resonance elastography for detecting and staging of  hepatic fibrosis: a meta-analysis.
Motivational interviewing to increase physical activity in people with chronic health conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dance therapy in patients with chronic heart failure: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Association of the MTHFR C677T and A1298C polymorphisms with methotrexate toxicity in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
The association between the polymorphism rs2231142 in the ABCG2 gene and gout risk: a meta-analysis.
Rhubarb root and rhizome-based Chinese herbal prescriptions for acute ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transfusion triggers for guiding RBC transfusion for cardiovascular surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis*.
Tidal volume and mortality in mechanically ventilated children: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies*.
Risk of cardiovascular toxicities in patients with solid tumors treated with sunitinib, axitinib, cediranib or regorafenib: an updated systematic review and comparative meta-analysis.
Planned caesarean section or trial of vaginal delivery? A meta-analysis.
Internet addiction prevalence and quality of (real) life: a meta-analysis of 31 nations across seven world regions.
Dietary intervention in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials on maternal and newborn outcomes.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of exercise interventions in adults with type 1 diabetes.
Statins and glycaemic control in individuals with diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment of children with HBeAg-positive chronic hepatitis B: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the turnover of intestinal epithelia in preclinical animal species and humans.
Meta-analysis of the association of ADIPOQ G276T polymorphism with insulin resistance and blood glucose.
Selenium supplementation and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk factors for post-stroke seizures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anxiety and depression comorbidities in irritable bowel syndrome (IBS): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of perioperative administration of glucocorticoids on pulmonary complications after transthoracic oesophagectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of IL-2 for the diagnosis of latent tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between cirrhosis and Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic significance of atrial fibrillation in heart failure with a preserved and reduced left ventricular function: insights from a meta-analysis.
Body mass index and the risk of gout: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Dietary carrot consumption and the risk of prostate cancer.
Polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase M1 (GSTM1) and T1 (GSTT1) and endometriosis risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the prevalence of tooth wear in primary dentition.
High anxiety in clinically healthy patients and increased QT dispersion: a meta-analysis.
Role of magnetic resonance spectroscopy for the differentiation of recurrent glioma from radiation necrosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Omentoplasty in the prevention of anastomotic leakage after oesophagectomy: a meta-analysis.
Radical nephroureterectomy versus endoscopic procedures for the treatment of localised upper tract urothelial carcinoma: a meta-analysis and a systematic review of current evidence from comparative studies.
Systematic review of nasogastric or nasojejunal decompression after gastrectomy for gastric cancer.
Is postoperative adjuvant chemoradiotherapy efficacious and safe for gastric cancer patients with D2 lymphadenectomy? A meta-analysis of the literature.
Nasal nitric oxide screening for primary ciliary dyskinesia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the ESR1 -351A>G single nucleotide polymorphism (rs9340799) and adolescent idiopathic scoliosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of mucocutaneous toxicities in patients with solid tumors treated with everolimus; a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Optical coherence tomography for the diagnosis of neovascular age-related macular degeneration: a systematic review.
Association of reduced XRCC2 expression with lymph node metastasis in breast cancer tissues.
Genetic 135G/C polymorphism of RAD51 gene and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis of  28,956 cases and 28,372 controls.
Effectiveness of behavioural weight loss interventions delivered in a primary care setting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The most appropriate primary outcomes to design clinical trials on Huntington's disease: meta-analyses of cohort studies and randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Levels of alkaline phosphatase and bilirubin are surrogate end points of outcomes of patients with primary biliary cirrhosis: an international follow-up study.
The impact of hyoscine-N-butylbromide on adenoma detection during colonoscopy: meta-analysis of randomized, controlled studies.
A method for gene-based pathway analysis using genomewide association study summary statistics reveals nine new type 1 diabetes associations.
Association between rs1344706 of ZNF804A and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Volume-outcome associations in head and neck cancer treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Theory of planned behavior interventions for reducing heterosexual risk behaviors: A meta-analysis.
Combinations of techniques that effectively change health behavior: evidence from Meta-CART analysis.
Personality and risk of diabetes in adults: pooled analysis of 5 cohort studies.
Comparison of the safety of right internal mammary artery versus radial artery for the second arterial conduit during coronary artery bypass grafting.
Preoperative transfusion in patients with sickle cell disease to prevent perioperative complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association analysis of the GRM8 gene with schizophrenia in the Uygur Chinese population.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between 14bp insertion/deletion polymorphism of HLA-G gene and susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus.
Association of rs12979860 and rs8099917 polymorphisms near IL28B with SVR in hepatic allograft recipients with HCV recurrence undergoing PEG-IFN/RBV therapy:  a meta-analysis.
Decreased flow-mediated dilatation in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of pharmacist care for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Period, birth cohort and prevalence of dementia in mainland China, Hong Kong and  Taiwan: a meta-analysis.
Diffusion tensor imaging studies in late-life depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of 5-hydroxytryptamine type 2A receptor polymorphisms and migraine  susceptibility.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 4G/5G polymorphism and ischemic stroke risk: a  meta-analysis in Chinese population.
Part I: frequency of depression after stroke: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Pancreaticogastrostomy or pancreaticojejunostomy? Methods of digestive continuity reconstruction after pancreaticodudenectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The clinical efficacy of vertebroplasty on osteoporotic vertebral compression fracture: a meta-analysis.
Increased leptin levels in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic values of carcinoembryonic antigen in predicting peritoneal recurrence after curative resection of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Dexamethasone for preventing postoperative sore throat: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Pituitary gland volumes in bipolar disorder.
Risk and protective factors for depression that adolescents can modify: a systematic review and meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Risk prediction models for postoperative delirium: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on management of hemodialysis catheter-related bacteremia.
Ketamine does not increase intracranial pressure compared with opioids: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cardiac damage after carotid intervention: a meta-analysis after a decade of randomized trials.
Virological efficacy of abacavir: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of daptomycin for the treatment of infectious disease: a meta-analysis based on randomized controlled trials.
Preoperative comorbidities as potential risk factors for venous thromboembolism after joint arthroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort and case-control studies.
Patellar denervation in total knee arthroplasty without patellar resurfacing and  postoperative anterior knee pain: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Surgical approaches in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis comparing the midvastus and subvastus to the medial peripatellar approach.
IFNG+874A/T polymorphisms and IFNG CA repeat polymorphism associated with asthma  in Asian--a meta-analysis.
Visuo-spatial performance in autism: a meta-analysis.
Predictive value of excision repair cross-complementation group 1 expression for  platinum-based chemotherapy and survival in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of EUS and CT of vascular invasion in pancreatic cancer: a systematic review.
Chagas cardiomyopathy is associated with higher incidence of stroke: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis on the performance of the EuroSCORE II and the Society of Thoracic  Surgeons Scores in patients undergoing aortic valve replacement.
Dexmedetomidine reduces the risk of delirium, agitation and confusion in critically Ill patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Insights into the clinical implications of carbohydrate antigen 125 as a biomarker of heart failure: a meta-analysis and systematic review of published studies.
Relative efficacy and safety of direct oral anticoagulants in patients with atrial fibrillation by network meta-analysis.
Colchicine for the prevention of pericarditis: what we know and what we do not know in 2014 - systematic review and meta-analysis.
Postoperative complications in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Growth hormone treatment and risk of recurrence or development of secondary neoplasms in survivors of pediatric brain tumors.
Adverse drug events among adult inpatients: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Clinical efficacy of attentional bias modification procedures: an updated meta-analysis.
Birth weight and risk of coronary heart disease in adults: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Effect of a common genetic variant microRNA-146a rs2910164 on colorectal cancer:  a meta-analysis.
Use of serum procalcitonin in evaluation of febrile infants: a meta-analysis of 2317 patients.
A systematic review of vapocoolants for reducing pain from venipuncture and venous cannulation in children and adults.
Tuberculosis risk from exposure to solid fuel smoke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of complications due to anticoagulation during dermatosurgical procedures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of biologics in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials with different time points.
The prevalence of pathological gambling among college students: a meta-analytic synthesis, 2005-2013.
Effect of supplementation with rebamipide for Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of minimally invasive techniques for the management of cholecysto-choledocholithiasis.
Meta-analysis of quantitative diffusion-weighted MR imaging in differentiating benign and malignant pancreatic masses.
Patient-specific instrumentation does not improve alignment in total knee arthroplasty.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and agricultural environments: a systematic review.
Diagnostic accuracy of non-invasive fetal RhD genotyping using cell-free fetal DNA: a meta analysis.
Does CSF p-tau181 help to discriminate Alzheimer's disease from other dementias and mild cognitive impairment? A meta-analysis of the literature.
On the connection between autoimmunity, tic disorders and obsessive-compulsive disorders: a meta-analysis on anti-streptolysin O titres.
A meta-analysis of spinal surgical site infection and vancomycin powder.
The role of spinal fusion in the treatment of cervical synovial cysts: a series of 17 cases and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of propolis on oral health: a meta-analysis.
Surgical management of anterior mandibular fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prophylactic antibiotic regimen and dental implant failure: a meta-analysis.
Population model of longitudinal FEV1 data in asthmatics: meta-analysis and predictability of placebo response.
Adipokines as emerging depression biomarkers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of vitamin D receptor gene polymorphism with the risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of transforming growth factor-β1 T869C, G915C, and C509T gene polymorphisms with rheumatoid arthritis risk.
Association of vitamin D receptor gene polymorphism with the risk of renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Association of vitamin D receptor BsmI gene polymorphism with the risk of type 2  diabetes mellitus.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme I/D polymorphism is associated with pneumonia risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of circumferential fusion versus posterolateral fusion in lumbar spondylolisthesis.
The effect of appendectomy in future tubal infertility and ectopic pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing Lichtenstein and totally  extraperitoneal laparoscopic hernioplasty in treatment of inguinal hernias.
Ventilator-associated pneumonia after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Volatile anesthetics in preventing acute kidney injury after cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Performance of the European System for Cardiac Operative Risk Evaluation II: a meta-analysis of 22 studies involving 145,592 cardiac surgery procedures.
The impact of arterial cannulation strategy on operative outcomes in aortic surgery: evidence from a comprehensive meta-analysis of comparative studies on 4476 patients.
Should clopidogrel be discontinued before coronary artery bypass grafting for patients with acute coronary syndrome? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Open repair, endovascular repair, and conservative management of true splenic artery aneurysms.
Disease penetrance of late-onset parkinsonism: a meta-analysis.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis risk for spinocerebellar ataxia type 2 ATXN2 CAG repeat alleles: a meta-analysis.
Associations between genetic obesity susceptibility and early postnatal fat and lean mass: an individual participant meta-analysis.
Effect of anti-inflammatory treatment on depression, depressive symptoms, and adverse effects: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Placebo response in antipsychotic clinical trials: a meta-analysis.
Analgesia after open abdominal surgery in the setting of enhanced recovery surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reduced blood loss after intra-articular tranexamic acid injection during total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Similar survival between uncemented and cemented fixation prostheses in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis and systematic comparative analysis using registers.
Global, regional, and national estimates of pneumonia burden in HIV-infected children in 2010: a meta-analysis and modelling study.
Pre-entry screening programmes for tuberculosis in migrants to low-incidence countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of seasonal influenza vaccine in community-dwelling elderly people: a meta-analysis of test-negative design case-control studies.
[Meta analysis of the real-time nerve monitoring in prevention of recurrent laryngeal nerve injury during thyroid surgery].
Association of vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms with asthma risk: systematic review and updated meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Comparative efficacy of biologic therapy in biologic-naïve patients with Crohn disease: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Obstructive sleep apnea and serious adverse outcomes in patients with cardiovascular or cerebrovascular disease: a PRISMA-compliant systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between XPD Lys751Gln and Asp312Asn polymorphisms and hepatocellular  carcinoma risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of common functional polymorphisms in mir-146a and mir-196a2 and  hepatocellular carcinoma risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
PRISMA--efficacy and safety of vedolizumab for inflammatory bowel diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Clinical- and cost-effectiveness of telemedicine in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of periodontal therapy on metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and periodontal disease: a meta-analysis.
Renal dysfunction and thrombolytic therapy in patients with acute ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Utility of PET/CT in the diagnosis and staging of extranodal natural killer/T-cell lymphoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by surgery versus surgery alone for colorectal  cancer: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist treatment to increase final stature in children with precocious puberty: a meta-analysis.
CT-base pulmonary artery measurement in the detection of pulmonary hypertension:  a meta-analysis and systematic review.
The polymorphism of CYP2E1 Rsa I/Pst I gene and susceptibility to respiratory system cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 34 studies.
Predictive accuracy of amyloid imaging for progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease with different lengths of follow-up: a meta-analysis. [Corrected].
Examining the relationship between subjective sleep disturbance and menopause: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T/A1298C polymorphisms and essential hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison between laparoscopic partial nephrectomy and laparoscopic ablation therapy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association study of homeostasis model assessment β  cell function and insulin resistance in an East Asian population and the European results.
Association between matrix metalloproteinase family gene polymorphisms and ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Hypothyroidism and carpal tunnel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Risk-associated coding synonymous SNPs in type 2 diabetes and neurodegenerative diseases: genetic silence and the underrated association with splicing regulation and epigenetics.
The functional polymorphism of NBS1 p.Glu185Gln is associated with an increased risk of lung cancer in Chinese populations: case-control and a meta-analysis.
Associations of sugar-sweetened and artificially sweetened soda with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of preoperative statin therapy on postoperative acute kidney injury in patients undergoing major surgery: systemic review and meta-analysis.
The prognosis of MGMT promoter methylation in glioblastoma patients of different  race: a meta-analysis.
Computed tomography angiography in the diagnosis of brain death: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between UCHL1 S18Y gene polymorphism and Parkinson's disease  in the Asian population: a meta-analysis.
Association of HTR2A T102C and A-1438G polymorphisms with susceptibility to major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Association between angiotensin converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism and intracerebral haemorrhage in North Indian population: a case control study and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and susceptibility to Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Serum phosphate concentration and incidence of stroke: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Fibroblast growth factor 20 (FGF20) gene polymorphism and risk of Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
A quantitative assessment of the association between 1425G/A polymorphism in PRKCH and risk of stroke.
Blast-related mild traumatic brain injury: a Bayesian random-effects meta-analysis on the cognitive outcomes of concussion among military personnel.
Diagnostic performance of 18F-FDG-PET versus scintigraphy in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis of prospective literature.
Consumption of nuts and legumes and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Influence of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis on randomized controlled trials.
Social cognitive theory and physical activity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of childhood obesity prevention programmes on blood lipids: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of lifting during work on low back pain: a health impact assessment based on a meta-analysis.
The prognostic role of the cancer stem cell marker aldehyde dehydrogenase 1 in head and neck squamous cell carcinomas: a meta-analysis.
No decreased infection rate when using antibiotic-impregnated cement in primary total joint arthroplasty.
Contrast-enhanced ultrasound for differentiation of benign and malignant thyroid  lesions: meta-analysis.
The effect of early and late tracheotomy on outcomes in patients: a systematic review and cumulative meta-analysis.
Analgesic effect and adverse events of dexmedetomidine as additive for pediatric  caudal anesthesia: a meta-analysis.
Incidence, prevalence, and predictors of chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interleukin-2 receptor antagonists for pediatric liver transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled studies.
Fluorescence-guided resection of high-grade gliomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of exercise therapy in treatment of patients with patellofemoral pain syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Health education via mobile text messaging for glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
8q24 risk alleles and prostate cancer in African-Barbadian men.
The influence of subjective aging on health and longevity: a meta-analysis of longitudinal data.
Set-shifting ability across the spectrum of eating disorders and in overweight and obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Deep brain stimulation for obsessive-compulsive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Five-factor model personality traits and inflammatory markers: new data and a meta-analysis.
Mediterranean diet and health status: an updated meta-analysis and a proposal for a literature-based adherence score.
Oral targeted therapies in the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Is female sex a risk factor for stroke and thromboembolism in patients with atrial fibrillation? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical implications of congenital uterine anomalies: a meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D level and risk of developing rheumatoid arthritis.
Positive tip culture with Candida and negative blood culture: to treat or not to  treat? A systematic review with meta-analysis.
Varicocele repair in non-obstructive azoospermic men: diagnostic value of testicular biopsy - a meta-analysis.
Reliability and validity of methods for measuring the duration of untreated psychosis: a quantitative review and meta-analysis.
The prevalence and moderators of clinical pain in people with schizophrenia: a systematic review and large scale meta-analysis.
Association between continuous positive airway pressure and changes in serum leptin in patients with obstructive sleep apnoea: a meta-analysis.
The effect of non-benzodiazepine hypnotics on sleep quality and severity in patients with OSA: a meta-analysis.
Effect of continuous positive airway pressure on homocysteine levels in patients  with obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Anterior surgical management of single-level cervical disc disease: a cost-effectiveness analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of concussion in rugby union.
Exercise-based injury prevention in child and adolescent sport: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcome predictors for conservative patellofemoral pain management: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Increases in lower-body strength transfer positively to sprint performance: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis evaluating the role of laparoscopic surgical resection of transverse colon tumours.
Effect of CPAP on blood pressure in patients with minimally symptomatic obstructive sleep apnoea: a meta-analysis using individual patient data from four randomised controlled trials.
FCGR2A rs1801274 polymorphism is associated with risk of childhood-onset idiopathic (immune) thrombocytopenic purpura: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Thrombolysis in hemodynamically stable patients with acute pulmonary embolism: a  meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of phase III randomized controlled trials with novel oral anticoagulants in atrial fibrillation: comparisons between direct thrombin inhibitors vs. factor Xa inhibitors and different dosing regimens.
Efficacy and safety of anticoagulant therapy for the treatment of acute cancer-associated thrombosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 4G/5G polymorphism and  risk of venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis.
Prostate health index vs percent free prostate-specific antigen for prostate cancer detection in men with "gray" prostate-specific antigen levels at first biopsy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors associated with human Rift Valley fever infection: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and toxicity of adding cetuximab to chemotherapy in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis from 12 randomized controlled trials.
Genetic association between cyclin D1 polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility.
Association between endothelial nitric oxide synthase 894G>T polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis of literature studies.
Association of hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism with colorectal cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis including 5235 cases and 8438 controls.
Blood-based multiple-microRNA assay displays a better diagnostic performance than single-microRNA assay in the diagnosis of breast tumor.
The association between the polymorphisms of TNF-α and non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
MicroRNAs as a novel class of diagnostic biomarkers in detection of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Pri-miR-34b/c rs4938723 TC heterozygote is associated with increased cancer risks: evidence from published data.
MT1-MMP is not a good prognosticator of cancer survival: evidence from 11 studies.
Analysis of circulating microRNA biomarkers for breast cancer detection: a meta-analysis.
Correlation between ovarian neoplasm and serum levels of osteopontin: a meta-analysis.
The genetic association between pri-miR-34b/c polymorphism (rs4938723 T > C) and  susceptibility to cancers: evidence from published studies.
Meta-analysis of studies on the association between the NF-κB1-94ins/del ATTG promoter polymorphism and cancer.
Serum Helicobacter pylori CagA antibody may not be used as a tumor marker for diagnosing gastric cancer in east Asian countries.
Diagnostic significance of diffusion-weighted MRI in patients with cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of circulating microRNAs for gastric cancer in Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
Association between the tumor necrosis factor alpha gene -308G> A polymorphism and the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
The use of adjunctive hemostatic agents in tubeless percutaneous nephrolithotomy: a meta-analysis.
Epidemiology of concomitant injuries in traumatic thoracic aortic rupture: a meta-analysis.
Central coherence in eating disorders: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of fast-track surgery in gastrectomy for gastric cancer.
Efficacy and safety of subdural drains after burr-hole evacuation of chronic subdural hematomas: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled  trials.
Endoscopic versus microsurgical resection of colloid cysts: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 1,278 patients.
[A model-based meta-analysis to compare urate-lowering response rate of febuxostat and allopurinol in gout patient].
[Based on evidence to establish reporting guidelines for TCM-featured acupuncture systematic reviews/Meta-analysis: a methodology discussion].
[Impact of combined effect of noise and heat on blood pressure: a meta-analysis].
[No-flip method versus external method for Shang Ring circumcision: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis of the prevalence and risk factors of irritable bowel syndrome in Chinese community].
[Impact of percutaneous coronary intervention versus medical therapy on mortality in stable coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis].
A systematic review and meta-analysis of phase I inactivated vaccines to reduce shedding of Coxiella burnetii from sheep and goats from routes of public health importance.
Meta-analysis of Hsa-mir-499 polymorphism (rs3746444) for cancer risk: evidence from 31 case-control studies.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an augmentative strategy for treatment-resistant depression, a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled study.
Systematic review of management for treatment-resistant depression in adolescents.
Psychological therapies versus antidepressant medication, alone and in combination for depression in children and adolescents.
Efficacy and acceptability of atypical antipsychotics for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Effect of treatment delay, age, and stroke severity on the effects of intravenous thrombolysis with alteplase for acute ischaemic stroke: a meta-analysis of individual patient data from randomised trials.
Global burden of transmitted HIV drug resistance and HIV-exposure categories: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adherence to HIV postexposure prophylaxis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Are interventions for low-income groups effective in changing healthy eating, physical activity and smoking behaviours? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tissue adhesives for closure of surgical incisions.
Association of the ENPP1 K121Q polymorphism with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in different populations: evidence based on 40 studies.
Association of MSX1 and TGF-β1 genetic polymorphisms with hypodontia: meta-analysis.
PAX-9 polymorphism may be a risk factor for hypodontia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis demonstrates no association between XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism and bladder cancer risk.
Effect of HLA-B-associated transcript 3 polymorphisms on lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Elevated risk of stillbirth in males: systematic review and meta-analysis of more than 30 million births.
Cardiovascular risks and elevation of serum DHT vary by route of testosterone administration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Homocysteine, methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism, and risk of retinal vein occlusion: an updated meta-analysis.
Interventions for the management of taste disturbances.
Glucose-insulin-potassium therapy in patients with acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Dairy consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes: 3 cohorts of US adults and an updated meta-analysis.
Relationship between aspirin use after diagnosis of colorectal cancer and patient survival: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Early additional food and fluids for healthy breastfed full-term infants.
Twist-1 up-regulation in carcinoma correlates to poor survival.
Effect of sirolimus on malignancy and survival after kidney transplantation: systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Belatacept for kidney transplant recipients.
Effectiveness of inhaled furosemide for acute asthma exacerbation: a meta-analysis.
Recombinant luteinizing hormone supplementation in women undergoing in vitro fertilization/ intracytoplasmic sperm injection with gonadotropin releasing hormone antagonist protocol: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aspiration of the elbow joint for treating radial head fractures.
Effects of female genital cutting on physical health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tranexamic acid for upper gastrointestinal bleeding.
Are topical insect repellents effective against malaria in endemic populations? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical and laboratory predictors of chronic immune thrombocytopenia in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Management of chronic neuropathic pain: a protocol for a multiple treatment comparison meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Interventions for enhancing medication adherence.
Interventions for treating inadvertent postoperative hypothermia.
Transforming growth factor-β1 rs1800470 polymorphism is associated with lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of treatments for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: systematic review, network meta-analysis and health economic evaluation.
Use of a fixed combination of acetylsalicylic acid, acetaminophen and caffeine compared with acetaminophen alone in episodic tension-type headache: meta-analysis of four randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover studies.
Coronary revascularization in diabetic patients: a systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Standard b-value versus low b-value diffusion-weighted MRI in renal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of human methylation data for evidence of sex-specific autosomal patterns.
Lack of association of matrix metalloproteinase-3 gene polymorphism with susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Manual small incision cataract surgery (MSICS) with posterior chamber intraocular lens versus extracapsular cataract extraction (ECCE) with posterior chamber intraocular lens for age-related cataract.
Epilepsy-related clinical characteristics and mortality: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
rs11671784 G/A and rs895819 A/G polymorphisms inversely affect gastric cancer susceptibility and miR-27a expression in a Chinese population.
Meta-analysis of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and risk of atrial fibrillation.
Surrogate and clinical outcomes following ischemic postconditioning during primary percutaneous coronary intervention of ST--segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of 15 randomized trials.
Aspiration thrombectomy in patients undergoing primary angioplasty: totality of data to 2013.
Treatment outcomes of patients with multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis according to drug susceptibility testing to first- and second-line drugs: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Effects of HIV antiretroviral therapy on sexual and injecting risk-taking behavior: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Emerging trends of HIV drug resistance in Chinese HIV-infected patients receiving first-line highly active antiretroviral therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CMPK1 and RBP3 are associated with corneal curvature in Asian populations.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in multiethnic Asians identifies two loci for age-related nuclear cataract.
Pathway-based analysis of GWAs data identifies association of sex determination genes with susceptibility to testicular germ cell tumors.
Meta-analysis of coronary computed tomography angiography versus standard of care strategy for the evaluation of low risk chest pain: are randomized controlled trials and cohort studies showing the same evidence?
Efficacy and safety of eplerenone in the management of mild to moderate arterial  hypertension: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reduction of C-reactive protein is not associated with reduced cardiovascular risk and mortality in patients treated with statins. A meta-analysis of 22 randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of the association between two neprilysin gene polymorphisms and Alzheimer's disease.
The handyman's brain: a neuroimaging meta-analysis describing the similarities and differences between grip type and pattern in humans.
Genetic variants in PLG, LPA, and SIGLEC 14 as well as smoking contribute to plasma plasminogen levels.
Meta-analysis of Ubiquilin1 gene polymorphism and Alzheimer's disease risk.
Anticoagulant therapy during primary percutaneous coronary intervention for acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials in the era of stents  and P2Y12 inhibitors.
Pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy (pp Whipple) versus pancreaticoduodenectomy (classic Whipple) for surgical treatment of periampullary and pancreatic carcinoma.
XRCC3 T241M polymorphism and lung cancer risk in the Han Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Risk of incremental toxicities and associated costs of new anticancer drugs: a meta-analysis.
Comparative evaluation of group-based mindfulness-based stress reduction and cognitive behavioral therapy for the treatment and management of chronic pain disorders: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis with indirect comparisons.
MicroRNA-21 and the clinical outcomes of various carcinomas: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Associations between ghrelin and ghrelin receptor polymorphisms and cancer in Caucasian populations: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacological interventions for somatoform disorders in adults.
Anaesthetic techniques for risk of malignant tumour recurrence.
A meta-analysis of association between cerebral microbleeds and cognitive impairment.
The relationship between DRD2 gene polymorphisms (C957T and C939T) and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
MiR-146a rs2910164 polymorphism increases risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Safety of fast-track rehabilitation after gastrointestinal surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Consumption of garlic and risk of colorectal cancer: an updated meta-analysis of  prospective studies.
Fish consumption and risk of gastrointestinal cancers: a meta-analysis of cohort  studies.
Unilateral versus bilateral pedicle screw fixation of minimally invasive transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion (MIS-TLIF): a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Biomarkers as point-of-care tests to guide prescription of antibiotics in patients with acute respiratory infections in primary care.
A comparison of posterior lumbar interbody fusion and transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion: a literature review and meta-analysis.
Fruit and vegetable intake and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Efficacy, quality of life, and acceptability outcomes of atypical antipsychotic augmentation treatment for treatment-resistant depression: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Association between atrial fibrillation and silent cerebral infarctions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic interventions for painful diabetic neuropathy: An umbrella systematic review and comparative effectiveness network meta-analysis.
Effects of cobalt-chromium everolimus eluting stents or bare metal stent on fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular events: patient level meta-analysis.
Association of the vitamin D binding protein polymorphisms with the risk of type  2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Outcomes for patients with the same disease treated inside and outside of randomized trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Restricting or banning alcohol advertising to reduce alcohol consumption in adults and adolescents.
Study protocol: differential effects of diet and physical activity based interventions in pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes--individual patient data (IPD) meta-analysis and health economic evaluation.
Overweight and obesity in Portuguese children: prevalence and correlates.
Tea intake and risk of oral, pharyngeal, and laryngeal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Safety and outcome of thrombolysis in mild stroke: a meta-analysis.
Opioid analgesia for acute abdominal pain in children: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of ketamine for the prevention of persistent post-surgical pain.
SOX2 as prognostic factor in head and neck cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serum uric acid levels are associated with polymorphisms in the SLC2A9, SF1, and  GCKR genes in a Chinese population.
Risk of myocardial infarction and stroke in bipolar disorder: a systematic review and exploratory meta-analysis.
Examining non-AIDS mortality among people who inject drugs.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: associations between coeliac disease and type 1 diabetes.
Transesophageal echocardiography in patients with cryptogenic ischemic stroke: a  systematic review.
Genome-wide association discoveries of alcohol dependence.
Association of apolipoprotein E genetic variation in Alzheimer's disease in Indian population: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing the effectiveness of different strategies for the treatment of drug-eluting stent restenosis.
Meta-analysis on efficacy of statins for prevention of contrast-induced acute kidney injury in patients undergoing coronary angiography.
Meta-analysis of predictors of all-cause mortality after transcatheter aortic valve implantation.
Effects of dietary interventions on neonatal and infant outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cumulative incidence of second intestinal resection in Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of population-based studies.
Antibiotics associated with increased risk of new-onset Crohn's disease but not ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
What level of bowel prep quality requires early repeat colonoscopy: systematic review and meta-analysis of the impact of preparation quality on adenoma detection rate.
Lipid outcomes from supervised exercise interventions in healthy adults.
Common genetic variations in the vitamin D pathway in relation to blood pressure.
Prevalence of drug-resistant tuberculosis in Iran: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interaction of participant characteristics and type of AAC with individuals with  ASD: a meta-analysis.
Syncope risk stratification tools vs clinical judgment: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Change in weight and adiposity in college students: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interleukin-18 and interferon gamma levels in preeclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anterior cruciate ligament tears in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis of  nonoperative versus operative treatment.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the i-gel® vs laryngeal mask airway in children.
Fluid overload, de-resuscitation, and outcomes in critically ill or injured patients: a systematic review with suggestions for clinical practice.
Factors affecting spermatogenesis upon gonadotropin-replacement therapy: a meta-analytic study.
Gamma-glutamyl transferase and risk of type II diabetes: an updated systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
[Efficacy and safety of tranexamic acid administration for the prevention and/or  the treatment of post-partum haemorrhage: a systematic review with meta-analysis].
The JAK2 46/1 haplotype (GGCC) in myeloproliferative neoplasms and splanchnic vein thrombosis: a pooled analysis of 26 observational studies.
Ankylosing spondylitis is associated with the anthrax toxin receptor 2 gene (ANTXR2).
Alcohol consumption as a preventive factor for developing rheumatoid arthritis: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The emerging role of neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio in determining colorectal cancer treatment outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis to determine the effect of primary tumor resection for stage IV colorectal cancer with unresectable metastases on patient survival.
Circulating interleukin-6 levels are associated with abdominal aortic aneurysm presence: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of case-control studies.
Association of FCGR2A-R/H131 polymorphism with susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus among Asian population: a meta-analysis of 20 studies.
Environmental tobacco smoke exposure and risk of allergic sensitisation in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the progesterone receptor gene polymorphism (PROGINS) with endometriosis: a meta-analysis.
Comparison between autologous blood transfusion drainage and no drainage/closed-suction drainage in primary total hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Functional outcomes and quality of life in patients with osteosarcoma treated with amputation versus limb-salvage surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Operative versus nonoperative treatment for displaced midshaft clavicular fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Outcomes with individual versus group physical therapy for treating urinary incontinence and low back pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Gabapentinoids are effective in decreasing neuropathic pain and other secondary outcomes after spinal cord injury: a meta-analysis.
Association of leptin levels with pathogenetic risk of coronary heart disease and stroke: a meta-analysis.
Leptin replacement therapy for the treatment of non-HAART associated lipodystrophy syndromes: a meta-analysis into the effects of leptin on metabolic  and hepatic endpoints.
Association between the metabolic syndrome, its individual components, and unprovoked venous thromboembolism: results of a patient-level meta-analysis.
Are platelet concentrates an ideal biomaterial for arthroscopic rotator cuff repair? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effectiveness and safety of acupuncture for poor semen quality in infertile males: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low exercise blood pressure and risk of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of 130,000 individuals shows smoking does not modify the association of APOE genotype on risk of coronary heart disease.
Risk of fracture with thiazolidinediones: an updated meta-analysis of randomized  clinical trials.
Effect of β-blockers on platelet aggregation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Height in relation to dementia death: individual participant meta-analysis of 18  UK prospective cohort studies.
Low birth weight, preterm birth and small for gestational age association with adult depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fifty-five per cent return to competitive sport following anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction surgery: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis including aspects of physical functioning and contextual factors.
Meta-analysis of the effect of postoperative in-hospital morbidity on long-term patient survival.
Safety and efficacy of progressive resistance training in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of femoral neck and lumbar spine BMD discordances on FRAX probabilities in women: a meta-analysis of international cohorts.
VDD vs DDD pacemakers: a meta-analysis.
Stem cell therapy for the treatment of nonischemic cardiomyopathy: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Autologous transplantation of bone marrow/blood-derived cells for chronic ischemic heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dendritic cell-based vaccine for the treatment of malignant glioma: a systematic  review.
Circulating levels of proprotein convertase subtilisin kexin type 9 are elevated  by fibrate therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Association of arterial oxygen saturation and acute mountain sickness susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Cognitive reappraisal of emotion: a meta-analysis of human neuroimaging studies.
The role of reflection in the effects of community service on adolescent development: a meta-analysis.
Individual patient data meta-analysis is needed in Chinese medical research.
Predictors of efficacy for endobronchial valves in bronchoscopic lung volume reduction: A meta-analysis.
The prevalence of the extensor digitorum communis tendon and its insertion variants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prevalence of the sesamoid bones of the hand: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of atrioventricular nodal ablation on permanent atrial fibrillation patients with cardiac resynchronization therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The accuracy of the anti-mitochondrial antibody and the M2 subtype test for diagnosis of primary biliary cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide, vincristine and dacarbazine for malignant paraganglioma and pheochromocytoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations of genetic variants in/near body mass index-associated genes with type 2 diabetes: a systematic meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of methylprednisolone pulse therapy for Graves' ophthalmopathy.
Thiopurines and risk of colorectal neoplasia in patients with inflammatory bowel  disease: a meta-analysis.
Associations of coagulation factor V Leiden and prothrombin G20210A mutations with Budd-Chiari syndrome and portal vein thrombosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of and risk factors for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus colonization in HIV infection: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of pharmacist-led medication review in chronic pain management: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interferon-γ release assay for the diagnosis of latent Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection in children younger than 5 years: a meta-analysis.
Do people with chronic pain have impaired executive function? A meta-analytical review.
A meta-analytic review of the relationship between adolescent risky sexual behavior and impulsivity across gender, age, and race.
Is the Dodo bird endangered in the 21st century? A meta-analysis of treatment comparison studies.
Coffee or tea consumption and the risk of rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Premedication with dexmedetomidine in pediatric patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mood stabilizers and antipsychotics for acute mania: a systematic review and meta-analysis of combination/augmentation therapy versus monotherapy.
Non-pharmacological interventions for somatoform disorders and medically unexplained physical symptoms (MUPS) in adults.
KRAS status and resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine-kinase inhibitor treatment in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Re-examining premature mortality in anorexia nervosa: a meta-analysis redux.
Moral responsibility and free will: A meta-analysis.
Moisture chamber versus lubrication for corneal protection in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis.
Risk of arterial thromboembolic events with vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors: an up-to-date meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of local anesthetics bupivacaine, ropivacaine and levobupivacaine in combination with sufentanil in epidural anesthesia for labor and delivery: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of combining targeted therapy with pemetrexed or docetaxel as second-line treatment in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials.
Stent selection to minimize the risk of stent thrombosis.
Alternatives to continuous positive airway pressure 2: mandibular advancement devices compared.
Gender as predictor and moderator of outcome in cognitive behavior therapy and pharmacotherapy for adult depression: an "individual patient data" meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of hyaluronic acid for treating diabetic foot: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Impairments in facial affect recognition associated with autism spectrum disorders: a meta-analysis.
Dietary magnesium intake and risk of metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis.
A genetic variant in SLC6A20 is associated with Type 2 diabetes in white-European and Chinese populations.
Lixisenatide as add-on to oral anti-diabetic therapy: an effective treatment for  glycaemic control with body weight benefits in type 2 diabetes.
Air pollution and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Trends in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity in the Arabian Gulf States: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Online social networking services in the management of patients with diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Prediabetes and the risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Does genetic heterogeneity account for the divergent risk of type 2 diabetes in South Asian and white European populations?
Variants associated with type 2 diabetes identified by the transethnic meta-analysis study: assessment in American Indians and evidence for a new signal in LPP.
Propofol versus traditional sedative agents for endoscopic submucosal dissection.
Tobacco smoking and intestinal metaplasia: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of hysterectomy on colonoscopy completion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationships between CETP genetic polymorphisms and Alzheimer's disease risk: a  meta-analysis.
Association between genetic polymorphisms in the ADAM33 gene and asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Associations between rs965513/rs944289 and papillary thyroid carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Passive smoke exposure and risk of diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Association of inorganic arsenic exposure with liver cancer mortality: A meta-analysis.
Outdoor fine particles and nonfatal strokes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
HLA-B*15:02 association with carbamazepine-induced Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis in an Indian population: a pooled-data analysis and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for health-related quality of life in children with epilepsy: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of generalized tonic-clonic seizures in refractory focal epilepsy: a meta-analysis.
Alcohol drinking and the risk of colorectal cancer death: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of Twist or Snail in various carcinomas: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Main air pollutants and diabetes-associated mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of long-term exposure to air pollution on type 2 diabetes mellitus risk: a systemic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
The obesity paradox in acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Subclinical thyroid dysfunction and the risk of stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: influence of host and viral factors in patients with chronic hepatitis C genotype 4 treated with pegylated interferon and ribavirin.
Ejection fraction in patients with heart failure and preserved ejection fraction  is greater than in healthy controls: a meta-analysis.
A comparison of fibrin sealant versus standard closure in the reduction of postoperative morbidity after groin dissection: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Robotic vs. open radical cystectomy in bladder cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Editor's Choice - efficacy and safety of the new oral anticoagulants dabigatran,  rivaroxaban, apixaban, and edoxaban in the treatment and secondary prevention of  venous thromboembolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis of phase III trials.
Diagnostic performance of shear wave elastography in the identification of malignant thyroid nodules: a meta-analysis.
Effect of b value and pre-admission of contrast on diagnostic accuracy of 1.5-T breast DWI: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Update on the efficacy of pharmacotherapy for social anxiety disorder: a meta-analysis.
Increased intake of vegetables, but not fruit, reduces risk for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
The Mini-Mental State Examination as a diagnostic and screening test for delirium: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Patient data meta-analysis of Post-Authorization Safety Surveillance (PASS) studies of haemophilia A patients treated with rAHF-PFM.
Electrocardiogram-based predictors of clinical outcomes: a meta-analysis of the prognostic value of ventricular repolarization.
Endoscopic radial artery harvesting does not compromise graft patency for coronary artery bypass graft: a meta analysis of 2782 patients.
Surgery vs. observation for liver hemangioma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship of vitamin D status with advanced liver fibrosis and response to hepatitis C virus therapy: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of rilpivirine, a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor, in treatment-naive adults infected with HIV-1: a meta-analysis.
Discontinuation of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate for presumed renal adverse events in treatment-naïve HIV-1 patients: meta-analysis of randomized clinical studies.
An ALE meta-analysis on the audiovisual integration of speech signals.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of DNA methylation levels and imprinting disorders in children conceived by IVF/ICSI compared with children conceived spontaneously.
Visit-to-visit variability of blood pressure and cardiovascular disease and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Drug therapies for ulcerative proctitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physically demanding work and preterm delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hormone replacement therapy and oral contraceptives and risk of oesophageal adenocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Citrus fruit intake and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Associations between particulate matter elements and early-life pneumonia in seven birth cohorts: results from the ESCAPE and TRANSPHORM projects.
History of periodontitis as a risk factor for long-term survival of dental implants: a meta-analysis.
Effect of cantilevers for implant-supported prostheses on marginal bone loss and  prosthetic complications: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Survival outcome after stereotactic body radiation therapy and surgery for stage  I non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Postoperative steroids after Kasai portoenterostomy for biliary atresia: a meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme I/D polymorphism and aortic aneurysm risk: a meta-analysis.
A posteriori dietary patterns are related to risk of type 2 diabetes: findings from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bullying prevalence across contexts: a meta-analysis measuring cyber and traditional bullying.
Preoperative standard oral nutrition supplements vs immunonutrition: results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical efficacy of fidaxomicin compared with vancomycin and metronidazole in Clostridium difficile infections: a meta-analysis and indirect treatment comparison.
Systematic review of restraint interventions for challenging behaviour among persons with intellectual disabilities: focus on effectiveness in single-case experiments.
Do intra-articular steroid injections increase infection rates in subsequent arthroplasty? A systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
The utility of clinical measures for the diagnosis of achilles tendon injuries: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Different efficacy of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors and prognosis in patients with subtypes of EGFR-mutated advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Tumor M2-pyruvate kinase in stool as a biomarker for diagnosis of colorectal cancer: A meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of serum cancer antigen 125 array for diagnosis of ovarian cancer in Chinese.
Prostate cancer antigen 3 as a biomarker in the urine for prostate cancer diagnosis: a meta-analysis.
The association between methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677 > T polymorphisms and risk of pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia in Asia.
Association between P-glycoprotein expression and response to chemotherapy in patients with osteosarcoma: a systematic and meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of glutathione S-transferase M1 null variant on ovarian cancer risk.
Prognostic value of circulating C-reactive protein levels in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase as a biomarker for osseous metastases in patients with malignant carcinomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The value of serum Cyfra21-1 as a biomarker in the diagnosis of patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Surgical interventions and medical treatments in treatment-naïve patients with acromegaly: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of vitamin D on skeletal muscle strength, muscle mass, and muscle power: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials supports the use of incentives for  inducing response to electronic health surveys.
Calcium channel blocker compared with angiotensin receptor blocker for patients with hypertension: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effects of mind-body interventions on sleep in cancer patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Can HPV vaccine have other health benefits more than cancer prevention? A systematic review of association between cervical HPV infection and preterm birth.
Type 1 diabetes-associated cognitive decline: a meta-analysis and update of the current literature.
Laparoscopic nephrectomy for adult polycystic kidney disease: safety, feasibility, and early outcomes.
The effects of perchlorate, nitrate, and thiocyanate on free thyroxine for potentially sensitive subpopulations of the 2001-2002 and 2007-2008 National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys.
To drain or not to drain elective uncomplicated laparoscopic cholecystectomy? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immunogenicity and effectiveness of routine immunization with 1 or 2 doses of inactivated poliovirus vaccine: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessing the burden of illness from cervical dystonia using the Toronto Western  Spasmodic Torticollis Rating Scale scores and health utility: a meta-analysis of  baseline patient-level clinical trial data.
Seizure control for intracranial arteriovenous malformations is directly related  to treatment modality: a meta-analysis.
Deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Anticonvulsant prophylaxis for brain tumor surgery: determining the current best  available evidence.
Effectiveness of simulation for improvement in self-efficacy among novice nurses: a meta-analysis.
What method for management of unilateral mandibular angle fractures has the lowest rate of postoperative complications? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognosis of physical function following ankle fracture: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
The relationship between materialism and personal well-being: A meta-analysis.
Brain grey matter volume alterations in late-life depression.
Prevalence of genital human papillomavirus among men in Europe: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Delayed versus early motion after arthroscopic rotator cuff repair: a meta-analysis.
Pancreaticogastrostomy versus pancreaticojejunostomy.
Coronary artery bypass grafting is superior to first-generation drug-eluting stents for unprotected left main coronary artery disease: an updated meta-analysis of 4 randomized, controlled trials.
Worse long-term survival after off-pump than on-pump coronary artery bypass grafting.
Meta-analysis of minimally invasive coronary artery bypass versus drug-eluting stents for isolated left anterior descending coronary artery disease.
Mitral valve surgery: right lateral minithoracotomy or sternotomy? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of thrombolysis for stroke of unknown onset time: a meta-analysis.
The role of statins in the prevention of contrast induced nephropathy: a meta-analysis of 8 randomized trials.
Risk factors for pneumothorax complicating radiofrequency ablation for lung malignancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
C-reactive protein polymorphism rs3091244 is associated with abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Types and timing of therapy for vocal fold paresis/paralysis after thyroidectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sex differences in short-term and long-term all-cause mortality among patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction treated by primary percutaneous intervention: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of device-guided breathing for hypertension in blinded, randomized, active-controlled trials: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Intermittent vs continuous proton pump inhibitor therapy for high-risk bleeding ulcers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of multiple genetic loci on age at onset in late-onset Alzheimer disease: a genome-wide association study.
Cardiovascular events and bleeding risk associated with intravitreal antivascular endothelial growth factor monoclonal antibodies: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to acute myeloid  leukemia: meta-analyses.
Patellar denervation with electrocautery in total knee arthroplasty without patellar resurfacing: a meta-analysis.
The global burden of listeriosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
HPV DNA, E6/E7 mRNA, and p16INK4a detection in head and neck cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of association between MMP-1-1607 polymorphism and head and neck cancer risk in asia population].
A meta-analysis of the effect of preoperative biliary stenting on patients with obstructive jaundice.
Meta-analysis of cholesteryl ester transfer protein TaqIB polymorphism and risk of myocardial infarction.
Independent influence of overweight and obesity on the regression of left ventricular hypertrophy in hypertensive patients: a meta-analysis.
Radiofrequency ablation versus reresection in treating recurrent hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence and risk factors of hypertension in myanmar: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of stroke in healthy postmenopausal women during and after hormone therapy:  a meta-analysis.
Association between KIR polymorphisms and ankylosing spondylitis in populations:  a meta-analysis.
Cytochrome P450 2E1 gene polymorphism and alcohol drinking on the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
The association between C-159T polymorphism in CD14 gene and susceptibility to tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
No association between XRCC1 genetic polymorphisms and differentiated thyroid carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Null genotype of GSTT1 contributes to increased Parkinson's disease risk in Caucasians: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Association between vacA genotypes and the risk of duodenal ulcer: a meta-analysis.
Reduced alpha-synuclein in cerebrospinal fluid in synucleinopathies: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Interventions for fatigue in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prevalence of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mortality in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
BsmI polymorphism of vitamin D receptor gene and cancer risk: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for diffuse large B cell lymphoma.
Relationship of cystatin-C change and the prevalence of death or dialysis need after acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis.
Adenosine A2A receptor antagonist istradefylline 20 versus 40 mg/day as augmentation for Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
The Ultimatum Game and the brain: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Complex associative memory processing and sleep: a systematic review and meta-analysis of behavioural evidence and underlying EEG mechanisms.
Dance as an intervention for people with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
HPA axis response to social stress is attenuated in schizophrenia but normal in depression: evidence from a meta-analysis of existing studies.
Neuroimaging in social anxiety disorder—a meta-analytic review resulting in a new neurofunctional model.
Depression following adult, non-penetrating traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis examining methodological variables and sample characteristics.
Effects of mixing alcohol with caffeinated beverages on subjective intoxication:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between fruit and vegetable intake and risk for glioma: a meta-analysis.
Exercise tolerance in obese vs. lean adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of childhood abuse on adult obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Behavioural weight management programmes for adults assessed by trials conducted  in everyday contexts: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of the effectiveness of physical activity and sedentary behaviour interventions in reducing sedentary time in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials.
A review and meta-analysis of cancer risks in relation to Portland cement exposure.
Are exercise programs effective for improving health-related quality of life among cancer survivors? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systemic vascular safety of ranibizumab for age-related macular degeneration: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Global prevalence of glaucoma and projections of glaucoma burden through 2040: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Concomitant platinum-based chemotherapy or cetuximab with radiotherapy for locally advanced head and neck cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of published studies.
Ill-fitting dentures and oral cancer: a meta-analysis.
Cone beam computed tomography for the diagnosis of vertical root fractures: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Arthroscopic single-row versus double-row technique for repairing rotator cuff tears: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Topical intrawound application of vancomycin powder in addition to intravenous administration of antibiotics: A meta-analysis on the deep infection after spinal surgeries.
Does cross-linked polyethylene decrease the revision rate of total hip arthroplasty compared with conventional polyethylene? A meta-analysis.
Perioperative anticoagulation management in patients on chronic oral anticoagulant therapy undergoing cardiac devices implantation: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between brain natriuretic peptides and recurrence of atrial fibrillation after successful direct current cardioversion: a meta-analysis.
Pancreatic resection in patients 80 years or older: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Smoking and risk for acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Quality of life after acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the extra-pancreatic infectious complications in acute pancreatitis.
Does aggressive surgical resection improve survival in advanced stage 3 and 4 neuroblastoma? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reconsidering the link between impulsivity and suicidal behavior.
Changes in adult attachment styles in American college students over time: a meta-analysis.
Non-glutamatergic clozapine augmentation strategies: a review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of cryotherapy after arthroscopic anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction. A systematic review of the literature.
A systematic review of single-stage augmentation-mastopexy.
Effect of treatment of obstructive sleep apnea on depressive symptoms: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Computerized cognitive training in cognitively healthy older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of effect modifiers.
Systematic review of screening for trisomy 21 in twin pregnancies in first trimester combining nuchal translucency and biochemical markers: a meta-analysis.
Integrating fragmented evidence by network meta-analysis: relative effectiveness  of psychological interventions for adults with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Morning cortisol levels in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of the impact of intranasal oxytocin administration on cortisol concentrations during laboratory tasks: moderation by method and mental  health.
Diagnostic utility of second-look US for breast lesions identified at MR imaging: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the relationship of eNOS 4b/a polymorphism and diabetic nephropathy susceptibility.
Association between transforming growth factor-β1gene-509C/T polymorphism and susceptibility of IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Midregional proadrenomedullin for prognosis in community-acquired pneumonia: a systematic review.
Cardiac catheterization is associated with superior outcomes for survivors of out of hospital cardiac arrest: review and meta-analysis.
Therapeutic temperature management after cardiac arrest and the risk of bleeding: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations between functional TNFR2 196 M/R polymorphisms and susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of ultrasound-detected residual synovitis and risk of relapse and structural progression in rheumatoid arthritis patients in clinical remission: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacological strategies to counteract antipsychotic-induced weight gain and metabolic adverse effects in schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of choline-PET/CT, MRI, SPECT, and bone scintigraphy in the diagnosis  of bone metastases in patients with prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of peer-delivered interventions for severe mental illness and depression on clinical and psychosocial outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Personal and psychosocial predictors of doping use in physical activity settings: a meta-analysis.
Physical activity and physical self-concept in youth: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between physical activity advice only or structured exercise training with blood pressure levels in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Knee mechanics during planned and unplanned sidestepping: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of reduced-intensity and myeloablative conditioning regimens for allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in patients with acute myeloid leukemia and acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Recurrent stroke and patent foramen ovale: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study of intracranial aneurysm identifies a new association on chromosome 7.
Endoscopic component separation for ventral hernia causes fewer wound complications compared to open components separation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Postoperative bladder and sexual function in patients undergoing surgery for rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of laparoscopic versus open  resection of rectal cancer.
Harmonic scalpel compared with conventional excisional haemorrhoidectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cross-sectional associations between air pollution and chronic bronchitis: an ESCAPE meta-analysis across five cohorts.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase 894G>T polymorphism and thrombotic disease: a Meta-Analysis of 17 studies involving 8808 subjects.
A meta-analysis and meta-regression of outcomes including biliary complications in donation after cardiac death liver transplantation.
Hypoxia-inducible factor-1α G polymorphism and the risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of microRNA-31 in various cancers: a meta-analysis.
Reproductive factors in relation to risk of brain tumors in women: an updated meta-analysis of 27 independent studies.
Identification of microRNAs as novel biomarkers for detecting esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in Asians: a meta-analysis.
Outcome of gemcitabine plus molecular targeted agent for treatment of pancreatic  cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective phase III studies.
Matrix metalloproteinase-7 mRNA and protein expression in gastric carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
CYP1A1 polymorphism interactions with smoking status in oral cancer risk: evidence from epidemiological studies.
Nonoccupational physical activity and risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Evaluating the association of polymorphisms in the HAP1 gene with lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
NBS1 Glu185Gln polymorphism and susceptibility to urinary system cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk of gastrointestinal perforation in cancer patients treated with aflibercept: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The XRCC1 Arg194Trp and Arg280His polymorphisms in head and neck cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Use of IOTA simple rules for diagnosis of ovarian cancer: meta-analysis.
Differential expression of MMP-2, MMP-9 and TIMP proteins in thoracic aortic aneurysm - comparison with and without bicuspid aortic valve: a meta-analysis.
Statin therapy in lower limb peripheral arterial disease: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta analysis of the association between the expression of microRNA-155 and the  outcome of patients with lung cancer].
[Meta analysis of condiments fortified with sodium iron ethylenediaminetetraacetate on the prevention and treatment of anemia].
Mesh repair versus non-mesh repair for strangulated inguinal hernia: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Sporadic spinal hemangioblastomas can be effectively treated by microsurgery alone.
[Meta analysis of the changes of regulatory T cell number in patients with active systemic lupus erythematosus].
Risk and protective factors of internet addiction: a meta-analysis of empirical studies in Korea.
Chemokine receptor 5 Δ32 polymorphism and systemic lupus erythematosus, vasculitis, and primary Sjogren's syndrome. Meta-analysis of possible associations.
[Surgical resection versus radiofrequency ablation for primary hepatocellular carcinoma of 3-5 cm in diameter: a meta-analysis].
[Effectiveness and safety of acupuncture for supraventricular tachycardia: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
The evidentiary value of challenge trials for three pre-harvest food safety topics: a systematic assessment.
Prophylactic cranial irradiation for patients with small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review of the literature with meta-analysis.
Cilostazol for intermittent claudication.
Interleukin-10 gene -592C>A polymorphism and susceptibility to gastric cancer.
Colony-stimulating factors for chemotherapy-induced febrile neutropenia.
Treatment for epilepsy in pregnancy: neurodevelopmental outcomes in the child.
Assessing blinding in trials of psychiatric disorders: a meta-analysis based on blinding index.
Impact of long-term lifestyle programmes on weight loss and cardiovascular risk factors in overweight/obese participants: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Dissociable roles of right inferior frontal cortex and anterior insula in inhibitory control: evidence from intrinsic and task-related functional parcellation, connectivity, and response profile analyses across multiple datasets.
Fertility and early pregnancy outcomes after treatment for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of dietary lipids on circulating adiponectin: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Dietary linoleic acid and risk of coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Aquatic exercise training for fibromyalgia.
The effects of goal-directed fluid therapy based on dynamic parameters on post-surgical outcome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Green tea consumption and risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Financial incentive policies at workplace cafeterias for preventing obesity--a systematic review and meta-analysis (Protocol).
Collaborative care for the treatment of comorbid depression and coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
Effect of gastrectomy with bursectomy on prognosis of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Standard triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori infection in China: a meta-analysis.
Association between Helicobacter pylori infection and migraine: a meta-analysis.
The diagnostic accuracy of the Patient Health Questionnaire-2 (PHQ-2), Patient Health Questionnaire-8 (PHQ-8), and Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) for detecting major depression: protocol for a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analyses.
Effects of ACEI/ARB in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Probiotics for preventing ventilator-associated pneumonia.
Association of microtubule associated protein tau/Saitohin (MAPT/STH) MAPT_238bp/STH Q7R polymorphisms and Parkinson's disease: A meta-analysis.
Reappraisal of thienopyridine pretreatment in patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) gene polymorphism, high  density lipoprotein cholesterol and risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis using a Mendelian randomization approach.
Pharmacotherapy for sleep bruxism.
Increased incidence of head and neck cancer in liver transplant recipients: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis shows that circulating tumor cells including circulating microRNAs  are useful to predict the survival of patients with gastric cancer.
Effectiveness of quality improvement strategies for coordination of care to reduce use of health care services: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Minimally invasive surgical techniques versus open myomectomy for uterine fibroids.
Interventions for managing asthma in pregnancy.
Prognostic value of fractional flow reserve: linking physiologic severity to clinical outcomes.
Intensive blood pressure reduction in acute intracerebral hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
MiR-146a rs2910164 G/C polymorphism and gastric cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
KCNE1 112G>a polymorphism and atrial fibrillation risk: a meta-analysis.
All-cause mortality and cardiovascular events with nicorandil in patients with IHD: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Insomnia and risk of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Alopecia and its association with coronary heart disease and cardiovascular risk  factors: a meta-analysis.
Vegetarian diet, Seventh Day Adventists and risk of cardiovascular mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and risk of cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in elderly population.
Non-pharmaceutical management of respiratory morbidity in children with severe global developmental delay.
Association between miR34b/c polymorphism rs4938723 and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 11 studies including 6169 cases and 6337 controls.
Coffee consumption and mortality from all causes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Translating the impact of exercise on cognition: methodological issues in animal  research.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in East Asian-ancestry populations identifies four new loci for body mass index.
Calcium intake and colorectal cancer risk: dose-response meta-analysis of prospective observational studies.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet and risk of cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Association between 12p13 SNP rs11833579 and ischemic stroke in Asian population: An updated meta-analysis.
Assessment of CSF Aβ42 as an aid to discriminating Alzheimer's disease from other dementias and mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis of 50 studies.
Association between the ACE I/D polymorphism and risk of ischemic stroke: an updated meta-analysis of 47,026 subjects from 105 case-control studies.
Functional polymorphisms of the MAO gene with Parkinson disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between vancomycin minimum inhibitory concentration and mortality among patients with Staphylococcus aureus bloodstream infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
What is the optimum fusion technique for adult spondylolisthesis-PLIF or PLF or PLIF plus PLF? A meta-analysis from 17 comparative studies.
Genotranscriptomic meta-analysis of the Polycomb gene CBX2 in human cancers: initial evidence of an oncogenic role.
Effects of tea intake on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Heart failure in younger patients: the Meta-analysis Global Group in Chronic Heart Failure (MAGGIC).
Cerebrovascular reactivity predicts stroke in high-grade carotid artery disease.
Bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cell therapy for decompensated liver cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of early detection of colorectal tumours by stool methylation markers: a meta-analysis.
Biliary stenting with or without sphincterotomy for malignant biliary obstruction: a meta-analysis.
Epinephrine injection versus epinephrine injection and a second endoscopic method in high-risk bleeding ulcers.
Acupuncture for functional dyspepsia.
The risk of elevated prolactin levels in pediatric patients exposed to antipsychotics for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizophrenia spectrum disorders: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antipsychotic treatment for children and adolescents with schizophrenia spectrum  disorders: protocol for a network meta-analysis of randomised trials.
The effect of surgery for endometrioma on ovarian reserve evaluated by antral follicle count: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of bleeding complications in patients receiving target-specific oral anticoagulants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
High-dose versus low-dose oxytocin infusion regimens for induction of labour at term.
High dose rate versus low dose rate intracavity brachytherapy for locally advanced uterine cervix cancer.
Antibiotics for bronchiolitis in children under two years of age.
Does previous intra-articular steroid injection increase the risk of joint infection following total hip arthroplasty or total knee arthroplasty? A meta-analysis.
The evidence based dilemma of intraperitoneal drainage for pancreatic resection - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of cardiac troponin in patients with chronic kidney disease without suspected acute coronary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of behaviour change techniques with effectiveness of dietary interventions among adults of retirement age: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Investigating the possible causal association of smoking with depression and anxiety using Mendelian randomisation meta-analysis: the CARTA consortium.
Cognitive impairment and risk of future stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Arthroscopic surgery for degenerative tears of the meniscus: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Fetal pulse oximetry for fetal assessment in labour.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism and susceptibility  to systemic sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Association between the EGF rs4444903 polymorphism and liver cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
The rare TREM2 R47H variant exerts only a modest effect on Alzheimer disease risk.
High prevalence of HIV infection and unprotected anal intercourse among older men who have sex with men in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pulmonary rehabilitation for interstitial lung disease.
Meta-analysis of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug intake and prostate cancer risk.
Meta-analysis of diabetic nephropathy associated genetic variants in inflammation and angiogenesis involved in different biochemical pathways.
Comparison of transverse and modified subtrochanteric femoral shortening osteotomy in total hip arthroplasty for developmental dysplasia of hip: a meta-analysis.
Industry sponsorship bias in research findings: a network meta-analysis of LDL cholesterol reduction in randomised trials of statins.
Risk for lung cancer in workers exposed to benzidine and/or beta-naphthylamine: a protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maintenance interventions for overweight or obese children and adolescents who participated in a treatment program: study protocol for a systematic review.
Omentoplasty for oesophagogastrostomy after oesophagectomy.
Predicting geriatric falls following an episode of emergency department care: a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of the effects of texting on driving.
Prophylactic tranexamic acid in parturients at low risk for post-partum haemorrhage: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevention of type 2 diabetes in obese at-risk subjects: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
The association of PTPN22 rs2476601 polymorphism and CTLA-4 rs231775 polymorphism with LADA risks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of diet- and lifestyle-based metabolic risk-modifying interventions on preeclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Gastroesophageal reflux and carcinoma of larynx or pharynx: a meta-analysis.
Family history of psychosis and social, occupational and global outcome in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
The prevalence of schizophrenia in mainland China: evidence from epidemiological  surveys.
A meta-analysis of ethnic differences in pathways to care at the first episode of psychosis.
How robust is the association between smoking and depression in adults? A meta-analysis using linear mixed-effects models.
Metabolic effects of large-volume liposuction for obese healthy women: a meta-analysis of fasting insulin levels.
Alcohol and sexual risk reduction interventions among people living in Russia: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Infrared thermal imaging in the diagnosis of musculoskeletal injuries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predictors of severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review with network meta-analysis: adjuvant therapy for resected biliary tract cancer.
Are we hammering square pegs into round holes? An investigation of the meta-analyses of reading research with students who are d/Deaf or hard of hearing and students who are hearing.
Platelet reactivity during ticagrelor maintenance therapy: a patient-level data meta-analysis.
Impact of an invasive strategy on 5 years outcome in men and women with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes.
Cardioprotective role of ischemic postconditioning in acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of revascularization versus medical therapy for atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis.
Meta-analysis of left ventricular hypertrophy and sustained arrhythmias.
Mipomersen is a promising therapy in the management of hypercholesterolemia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of probiotics on functional constipation in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prenatal buprenorphine versus methadone exposure and neonatal outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Miralax with gatorade for bowel preparation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of prebiotics, probiotics, and synbiotics in irritable bowel syndrome and chronic idiopathic constipation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Retrospective cohort study of 205 cases with congenital dyserythropoietic anemia  type II: definition of clinical and molecular spectrum and identification of new  diagnostic scores.
Cranial radiation for pediatric T-lineage acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Remote ischemic preconditioning for prevention of acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Clinical outcomes with β-blockers for myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Genetic risk factors for orofacial clefts in Central Africans and Southeast Asians.
Identification of ANKK1 rs1800497 variant in schizophrenia: new data and meta-analysis.
Dynamic use of B-type natriuretic peptide-guided acute coronary syndrome therapy.
Outcomes of cataract surgery in patients with uveitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Visual impairment and blindness due to macular diseases globally: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Posterior sternoclavicular joint injuries in the adolescent population: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of complications following deceased donor liver transplant.
Risk of metabolic complications in kidney transplantation after conversion to mTOR inhibitor: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the i-gel(®) vs laryngeal mask airway in adults.
A comparison of total intravenous anaesthesia using propofol with sevoflurane or  desflurane in ambulatory surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
What epidural opioid results in the best analgesia outcomes and fewest side effects after surgery?: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
OPRM1 A118G gene variant and postoperative opioid requirement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variability of VEGF pathway genes in six randomized phase III trials assessing the addition of bevacizumab to standard therapy.
Body mass index and survival in women with breast cancer-systematic literature review and meta-analysis of 82 follow-up studies.
The efficacy and safety of probiotics in people with cancer: a systematic review.
Adjuvant chemotherapy for bladder cancer-why does level 1 evidence not support it?
Interventions to reduce medication errors in pediatric intensive care.
Anti-CarP antibodies in two large cohorts of patients with rheumatoid arthritis and their relationship to genetic risk factors, cigarette smoking and other autoantibodies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing pancreaticoduodenectomy versus limited resection for duodenal gastrointestinal stromal tumors.
Surgical lung biopsy in adult respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of minimally invasive versus conventional sternotomy for aortic valve replacement.
Do rigid dressings reduce the time from amputation to prosthetic fitting? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of extended lymphadenectomy in the treatment of pancreatic head adenocarcinoma: review and meta-analysis.
E-vita open plus for treating complex aneurysms and dissections of the thoracic aorta: a NICE medical technology guidance.
Diagnosis of recurrent uterine cervical cancer: PET versus PET/CT: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bisphosphonates may protect against bone loss in postmenopausal women with early  breast cancer receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy: results from a meta-analysis.
Diagnosis accuracy of serum glypican-3 in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
The use of pneumatic tourniquet in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs versus corticosteroid for treatment of shoulder pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of fMRI studies in healthy relatives of patients with schizophrenia.
Association analysis of IGF2BP2, KCNJ11, and CDKAL1 polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Moroccan population: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Clostridium difficile infection in the hematopoietic unit: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Meta-analysis of robot-assisted vs conventional laparoscopic and open pyeloplasty in children.
Safety, effectiveness, and cost effectiveness of long acting versus intermediate  acting insulin for patients with type 1 diabetes: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Does a pathological fracture affect the prognosis in patients with osteosarcoma of the extremities? : a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic impact of pretransplantation hyperferritinemia in adults undergoing allogeneic hematopoietic SCT: a meta-analysis.
Psychotherapy for subclinical depression: meta-analysis.
Excess of non-right-handedness in schizophrenia: meta-analysis of gender effects  and potential biases in handedness assessment.
Meta-analysis of CT-guided transthoracic needle biopsy for the evaluation of the  ground-glass opacity pulmonary lesions.
Physiotherapy improves eating disorders and quality of life in bulimia and anorexia nervosa.
Meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis of biomarkers for abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Meta-analysis of peak wall stress in ruptured, symptomatic and intact abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Meta-analysis of operative mortality and complications in patients from minority  ethnic groups.
Disentangling the neural mechanisms involved in Hinduism- and Buddhism-related meditations.
Postoperative Tamoxifen for ductal carcinoma in situ: Cochrane systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Effect of clodronate treatment on risk of fracture: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Patent foramen ovale closure vs medical therapy for stroke prevention: meta-analysis of randomized trials and review of heterogeneity in meta-analyses.
An updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled evidence for the effectiveness  of community treatment orders.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphisms contribute to acute myeloid leukemia and chronic myeloid leukemia susceptibilities: evidence from meta-analyses.
Recurrent copy number alterations in prostate cancer: an in silico meta-analysis  of publicly available genomic data.
Primary squamous cell carcinomas in the thyroid gland: an individual participant  data meta-analysis.
Let-7 microRNA-binding-site polymorphism in the 3'UTR of KRAS and colorectal cancer outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic relevance of receptor tyrosine kinase expression in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Temporal changes in the efficacy of chemotherapy for recurrent or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of embolic agents used in uterine artery embolisation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Robust meta-analysis shows that glioma transcriptional subtyping complements traditional approaches.
Astragalus membranaceus injection combined with conventional treatment for viral  myocarditis: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
More favorable response to cardiac resynchronization therapy in women than in men.
Efficacy of catheter ablation for persistent atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of evidence from randomized and nonrandomized controlled trials.
Catheter ablation and antiarrhythmic drug therapy as first- or second-line therapy in the management of atrial fibrillation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Multiple associated variants increase the heritability explained for plasma lipids and coronary artery disease.
Outcomes associated with fractional flow-guided revascularization: a meta-analysis.
Bevacizumab increases the risk of severe congestive heart failure in cancer patients: an up-to-date meta-analysis with a focus on different subgroups.
Factors that affect risk for pancreatic disease in the general population: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Effects of simulation-based training in gastrointestinal endoscopy: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of bortezomib re-treatment in patients with multiple myeloma.
Accuracy of infrared ear thermometry in children: a meta-analysis and systematic  review.
Effectiveness of constraint-induced movement therapy on upper-extremity function  in children with cerebral palsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of cytokine-induced killer cells therapy in combination with minimally invasive treatment for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Protein expression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha and hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
CRP 1059 G/C and 1846G/A polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 26,634 subjects.
Accuracy of stool antigen test for the diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection in children: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 gene +6230G/A polymorphism  and cancer risk.
High-dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation for patients with relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Association between a 27-bp variable number of tandem repeat polymorphism in intron 4 of the eNOS gene and risk for diabetic retinopathy Type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Predictive value of a serum-based proteomic test in non-small-cell lung cancer patients treated with epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors: a meta-analysis.
Relations between inhibitory control and the development of academic skills in preschool and kindergarten: a meta-analysis.
Physical activity interventions in children and young people with Type 1 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Classification systems for lower extremity amputation prediction in subjects with active diabetic foot ulcer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between bone mineral density and type 1 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of cross-sectional studies.
Efficacy and safety of empagliflozin for type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Differences in the HbA1c-lowering efficacy of glucagon-like peptide-1 analogues between Asians and non-Asians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Higher vaspin levels in subjects with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
High risk of failing eradication of Helicobacter pylori in patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of glycated hemoglobin compared with oral glucose tolerance test for diagnosing diabetes mellitus in Chinese adults: a meta-analysis.
Metformin is associated with reduced risk of pancreatic cancer in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationships between p16 gene promoter methylation and clinicopathologic features of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of 27 cohort studies.
The safety of olanzapine in young children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low mannose-binding lectin (MBL) levels and MBL genetic polymorphisms associated  with the risk of neonatal sepsis: An updated meta-analysis.
Accuracy of conventional transthoracic echocardiography for the diagnosis of intracardiac right-to-left shunt: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Should we treat fever in critically ill patients? A summary of the current evidence from three randomized controlled trials.
The impact of new prehospital practitioners on ambulance transportation to the emergency department: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Navigation Guide - evidence-based medicine meets environmental health: systematic review of human evidence for PFOA effects on fetal growth.
Mannose-binding lectin polymorphisms and the risk of sepsis: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Quantification of subfield pathology in hippocampal sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
De-escalation treatment protocols for human papillomavirus-associated oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of current clinical trials.
Vitamin D and melanoma and non-melanoma skin cancer risk and prognosis: a comprehensive review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of canagliflozin in subjects with type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endocrinology and Adolescence: aerobic exercise reduces insulin resistance markers in obese youth: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is it dangerous or beneficial to drink coffee? Reflections on a meta-analysis on  risk at birth and a population study on risk in late life.
Caffeine intake during pregnancy and adverse birth outcomes: a systematic review  and dose-response meta-analysis.
Antitumor necrosis factor α is more effective than conventional medical therapy for the prevention of postoperative recurrence of Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Egg consumption and risk of GI neoplasms: dose-response meta-analysis and systematic review.
Coffee and caffeine intake and risk of endometriosis: a meta-analysis.
Intake of vegetables and fruit and risk of esophageal adenocarcinoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes in women undergoing bariatric surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for loneliness in patients with cancer: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Erythropoietin and retinopathy of prematurity: a meta-analysis.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter abnormalities in dementia with Lewy bodies.
Clinical effectiveness of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in advanced gastric cancer: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Pancreaticogastrostomy versus pancreaticojejunostomy after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Guanfacine for attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder in pediatrics: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: diagnostic accuracy of coronary CT angiography with prospective ECG gating based on step-and-shoot, Flash and volume modes for detection of coronary artery disease.
Microscopic observation drug susceptibility assay for the diagnosis of TB and MDR-TB in HIV-infected patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low back pain in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis  evaluating the effectiveness of conservative interventions.
Safety of transvenous lead extraction according to centre volume: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The influence of strength training on muscle activation in elderly persons: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of Connexin37 C1019T with myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Studies of the symptom abdominal pain--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Whether sperm deoxyribonucleic acid fragmentation has an effect on pregnancy and  miscarriage after in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of cardiovascular toxicities in patients with solid tumors treated with sorafenib: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Significant association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and thyroid cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Bevacizumab and ranibizumab for neovascular age-related macular degeneration: an  updated meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
Is diabetes mellitus associated with increased incidence and disease-specific mortality in endometrial cancer? A systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort  studies.
Prognostic role of epidermal growth factor receptor in nasopharyngeal carcinoma:  a meta-analysis.
Adolescent sexual health communication and condom use: a meta-analysis.
Atrial fibrillation associated with ivabradine treatment: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Coronary artery bypass grafting versus combined coronary artery bypass grafting and mitral valve repair in treating ischaemic mitral regurgitation: a meta-analysis.
Effects of lipophilic statins for heart failure: a meta-analysis of 13 randomised controlled trials.
Statin therapy improves long-term survival in non-ischaemic cardiomyopathy: a pooled analysis of 4500 patients.
Efficacy and safety of ecabet sodium as an adjuvant therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of ursodeoxycholic acid as an adjuvant treatment to prevent acute cellular rejection after liver transplantation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Laparoscopic distal pancreatectomy in Italy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of ADIPOQ polymorphisms with obesity risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of insulin gene variable number of tandem repeats regulatory polymorphism with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Post-GWAS gene-environment interplay in breast cancer: results from the Breast and Prostate Cancer Cohort Consortium and a meta-analysis on 79,000 women.
Effect of probiotics on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of  randomized, controlled trials.
Thresholds for conventional and home blood pressure by sex and age in 5018 participants from 5 populations.
Anti-TNFα therapies are safe during pregnancy in women with inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The risk factors of avascular necrosis in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Risks associated with red blood cell transfusion in the trauma population, a meta-analysis.
Combined immunotherapy with dendritic cells and cytokine-induced killer cells for malignant tumors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body mass index and risk of renal cell cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis of published cohort studies.
Massage interventions and treatment-related side effects of breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Parental smoking and childhood obesity: higher effect estimates for maternal smoking in pregnancy compared with paternal smoking--a meta-analysis.
Do the socioeconomic and hypertension gradients in rural populations of low- and  middle-income countries differ by geographical region? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Socioeconomic position, lifestyle factors and age at natural menopause: a systematic review and meta-analyses of studies across six continents.
Safety of pregnancy after surgical treatment for breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of 1p deletion for multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis.
Gender-related association of brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene 196A/G polymorphism with Alzheimer's disease--a meta-analysis including 6854 cases and 6868 controls.
Are overweight and obese youths more often bullied by their peers? A meta-analysis on the correlation between weight status and bullying.
Locking versus non-locking plate fixation in the management of mandibular fractures: a meta-analysis.
Sensitivity of diagnostic tests for human soil-transmitted helminth infections: a meta-analysis in the absence of a true gold standard.
HTR2C polymorphisms, olanzapine-induced weight gain and antipsychotic-induced metabolic syndrome in schizophrenia patients: a meta-analysis.
Chest radiography for active tuberculosis case finding in the homeless: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preferences regarding disclosure of a diagnosis of dementia: a systematic review.
Everolimus-based calcineurin-inhibitor sparing regimens for kidney transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diet or exercise interventions vs combined behavioral weight management programs: a systematic review and meta-analysis of direct comparisons.
Hospital management of self-harm patients and risk of repetition: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of 5-HTR2A genetic polymorphisms on the efficacy of antidepressants in  the treatment of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Relapse rates after psychotherapy for depression - stable long-term effects? A meta-analysis.
Anatomical landmarks for the localization of the greater palatine foramen--a study of 1200 head CTs, 150 dry skulls, systematic review of literature and meta-analysis.
Genetic and environmental contributions to social anxiety across different ages:  a meta-analytic approach to twin data.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the standard versus mini-incision posterior approach to total hip arthroplasty.
Mild traumatic brain injury and ADHD: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Effects of prednisone on eosinophilic bronchitis in asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of the new anticoagulants versus warfarin in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Atherectomy of the femoropopliteal artery: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of suicide-related behavior or ideation in child, adolescent, and adult patients treated with atomoxetine.
Clinical review: The benefits and harms of systemic testosterone therapy in postmenopausal women with normal adrenal function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical review: The benefits and harms of systemic dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) in postmenopausal women with normal adrenal function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical review: Effect of vitamin D3 supplementation on improving glucose homeostasis and preventing diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serum vitamin D levels in relation to schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Time course of bone mineral density changes with denosumab compared with other drugs in postmenopausal osteoporosis: a dose-response-based meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the prognostic and diagnostic significance of serum/plasma osteopontin in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Pigmented villonodular synovitis of the thoracic spine.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of minimally invasive transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion rates performed without posterolateral fusion.
Efficacy of skin-directed therapy for cutaneous metastases from advanced cancer:  a meta-analysis.
MTA and ferric sulfate in pulpotomy outcomes of primary molars: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials on non-surgical treatments for peri-implantitis.
Prophylactic antidepressant treatment of interferon-induced depression in chronic hepatitis C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus and host genetic polymorphisms in carcinogenesis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do the observational studies using propensity score analysis agree with randomized controlled trials in the area of sepsis?
Mortality benefit of vasopressor and inotropic agents in septic shock: a Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Longevity of posterior composite restorations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of alveolar ridge preservation after tooth extraction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Robotic or open radical cystectomy, which is safer? A systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Bare metal vs. drug-eluting stents for extracranial vertebral artery disease: a meta-analysis of nonrandomized comparative studies.
Adverse events in hospitalized paediatric patients: a systematic review and a meta-regression analysis.
Treatment of supination deformity for obstetric brachial plexus injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maternal periodontal disease and risk of preeclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on radiofrequency ablation in combination with transarterial chemoembolization for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma.
GST Theta null genotype is associated with an increased risk for ulcerative colitis: a case-control study and meta-analysis of GST Mu and GST Theta polymorphisms in inflammatory bowel disease.
Effects of green tea or green tea extract on insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control in populations at risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Low invasiveness of pneumococcal serotype 11A is linked to ficolin-2 recognition  of O-acetylated capsule epitopes and lectin complement pathway activation.
Long-term implant survivorship of cementless total knee arthroplasty: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of pylorus-preserving gastrectomy for middle-third early gastric cancer.
Endolymphatic hydrops and Ménière's disease: a lesion meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of diagnosis of liver metastatic cancers: comparison of (18) FDG PET-CT and gadolinium-enhanced MRI.
Bone health in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surgical outcomes and natural history of intramedullary spinal cord cavernous malformations: a single-center series and meta-analysis of individual patient data: Clinic article.
Prognostic value of normal stress myocardial perfusion imaging in diabetic patients: a meta-analysis.
Antioxidant vitamin supplementation reduces arterial stiffness in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Clinical outcomes of dacryocystorhinostomy with or without intraoperative use of  mitomycin C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of dental implants on bisphosphonate-related osteonecrosis of the jaws.
Is tactile acuity altered in people with chronic pain? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Complex gastroschisis is a different entity to simple gastroschisis affecting morbidity and mortality-a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does primary closure for dog bite wounds increase the incidence of wound infection? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Collaborative care for depression in European countries: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of association of vitamin D receptor BsmI gene polymorphism with  the risk of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
A meta-analysis of constraint-induced movement therapy after stroke.
Association of quantity and duration of smoking with erectile dysfunction: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Association between Helicobacter pylori infection and stroke: a meta-analysis of  prospective observational studies.
Lymph node micrometastases is a poor prognostic factor for patients in pN0 gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Hypertonic saline in the traumatic hypovolemic shock: meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing outcomes between robotic-assisted thyroidectomy and non-robotic endoscopic thyroidectomy.
A meta-analysis of adjusted hazard ratios from 20 observational studies of bilateral versus single internal thoracic artery coronary artery bypass grafting.
Dual antiplatelet therapy with or without oral anticoagulation in the postdischarge management of acute coronary syndrome patients with an indication for long term anticoagulation: a systematic review.
Sirolimus-eluting versus paclitaxel-eluting stent in primary angioplasty: a pooled patient-level meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Traditional Chinese medicine for the treatment of influenza: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Whole-body computed tomographic scanning leads to better survival as opposed to selective scanning in trauma patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tissue engineering of the bladder--reality or myth? A systematic review.
The relationship between hepatic lipase gene variant and advanced age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis.
Identification of children and adolescents at risk for renal scarring after a first urinary tract infection: a meta-analysis with individual patient data.
Diagnostic performances of shear-wave elastography for identification of malignant breast lesions: a meta-analysis.
Global extent of chloroquine-resistant Plasmodium vivax: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Treatment outcomes of childhood tuberculous meningitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Six versus fewer planned cycles of first-line platinum-based chemotherapy for non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Monounsaturated fatty acids, olive oil and health status: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Association of CYP1B1 Leu432Val polymorphism and lung cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Is (18)F-FDG PET useful in predicting the WHO grade of malignancy in thymic epithelial tumors? A meta-analysis.
Anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody as a marker of erosive arthritis in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Correlation between serum 25(OH)D values and lupus disease activity: an original  article and a systematic review with meta-analysis focusing on serum VitD confounders.
The prognostic importance of weight loss in coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A Bayesian mixed-treatment comparison meta-analysis of treatments for alcohol dependence and implications for planning future trials.
Efficacy and safety of bone marrow cell transplantation for chronic ischemic heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Association of genetic variants in and promoter hypermethylation of CDH1 with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Intravenous immunoglobulin in the therapeutic armamentarium of systemic lupus erythematosus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and complications of polyethylene glycols for treatment of constipation  in children: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of topical recombinant human platelet-derived growth factor for treatment of diabetic lower-extremity ulcers: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessment of type 2 diabetes risk conferred by SNPs rs2241766 and rs1501299 in the ADIPOQ gene, a case/control study combined with meta-analyses.
The regulated upon activation normal T-cell expressed and secreted (RANTES) -28C/G and -403G/A polymorphisms and asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between CLPTM1L polymorphisms (rs402710 and rs401681) and lung cancer susceptibility: evidence from 27 case-control studies.
A meta-analysis of 87,040 individuals identifies 23 new susceptibility loci for prostate cancer.
Effects of endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene on end stage renal disease progression in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
A quantitative transcriptome reference map of the normal human brain.
Cultural differences in human brain activity: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes of patients with vertebral artery dissection treated endovascularly: a meta-analysis.
Changes in high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol upon statin treatment in type 2 diabetic patients: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of polyunsaturated fatty acids for dry eye syndrome: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Tea consumption and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis of case-control and cohort  studies.
Association of vitamin A and β-carotene with risk for age-related cataract: a meta-analysis.
Preterm birth and risk of type 1 and type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reducing occupational sedentary time: a systematic review and meta-analysis of evidence on activity-permissive workstations.
Will smaller plates lead to smaller waists? A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect that experimental manipulation of dishware size has on energy consumption.
Supraglottic airway devices vs tracheal intubation in children: a quantitative meta-analysis of respiratory complications.
Evaluation of i-gel(™) airway in children: a meta-analysis.
Controlled ventilation or spontaneous respiration in anesthesia for tracheobronchial foreign body removal: a meta-analysis.
Pediatric video laryngoscope versus direct laryngoscope: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of music in endoscopy procedures: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of virtual reality on upper extremity function in children with cerebral palsy: a meta-analysis.
Bacterial prevalence and antimicrobial prescribing trends for acute respiratory tract infections.
Rapid diagnostic tests for group A streptococcal pharyngitis: a meta-analysis.
Chinese herbal medicine for carriers of the hepatitis B virus: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of therapeutic aquatic exercise on symptoms and function associated with lower limb osteoarthritis: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study of CSF levels of 59 alzheimer's disease candidate proteins: significant associations with proteins involved in amyloid processing and inflammation.
Treatment of infections in young infants in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis of frontline health worker diagnosis and antibiotic access.
Neurofunctional maps of the 'maternal brain' and the effects of oxytocin: a multimodal voxel-based meta-analysis.
Impact of radiotherapy boost on pathological complete response in patients with locally advanced rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Radiotherapy for the prophylaxis of heterotopic ossification: a systematic review and meta-analysis of published data.
Thyroid hormone replacement for nephrotic syndrome patients with euthyroid sick syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of behavioral interventions for reducing problem behavior in persons with autism: an updated quantitative synthesis of single-subject research.
Is the incidence of malignancy increased in patients with sarcoidosis? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of duration of macula-off retinal detachment on visual outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of literature.
[Diagnosis of Strongyloides Stercoralis infection: meta-analysis on evaluation of conventional parasitological methods (1980-2013)].
Risk of venous thromboembolism in patients with idiopathic inflammatory myositis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functional FCGR3A 158 V/F and IL-6 -174 C/G polymorphisms predict response to biologic therapy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Risk of tuberculosis in patients with chronic immune-mediated inflammatory diseases treated with biologics and tofacitinib: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and long-term extension studies.
Meta-analysis of Zn, Cu and Fe in the hair of Chinese children with recurrent respiratory tract infection.
Facial emotion identification in early-onset and first-episode psychosis: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
The Arcuate Fasciculus in auditory-verbal hallucinations: a meta-analysis of diffusion-tensor-imaging studies.
The impact of rheumatoid arthritis on quality-of-life assessed using the SF-36: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mortality and survival in systemic sclerosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of TNF-alpha inhibitor treatment on bone mineral density in patients with  ankylosing spondylitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does periodontal treatment influence clinical and biochemical measures for rheumatoid arthritis? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Weight loss from lifestyle interventions and severity of sleep apnoea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Leg actigraphy to quantify periodic limb movements of sleep: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic mucosal resection recurrence rate for colorectal lesions.
Incidence and risk factors for first-time incident low back pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficiency of jumping exercise in improving bone mineral density among premenopausal women: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of antidepressants in animal models of ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Analyzing and comparing the association between control policy measures and alcohol consumption in Europe.
A meta-analysis of robotic versus laparoscopic gastrectomy for gastric cancer.
Diagnostic accuracy of C-reactive protein for periprosthetic joint infection: a meta-analysis.
Single-incision versus standard multiple-incision laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis of experimental and observational studies.
Single incision versus standard multiport laparoscopic cholecystectomy: up-dated  systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing different techniques with primary closure for chronic pilonidal sinus.
Nut consumption and the risk of coronary artery disease: a dose-response meta-analysis of 13 prospective studies.
Direct oral anticoagulants in the treatment of acute venous thromboembolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glucocorticoid regimens for prevention of Graves' ophthalmopathy progression following radioiodine treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of S100P for pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of microRNAs expression in prostate cancer.
Relationship of serum MMP-7 levels for colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Promoter methylation and polymorphism of E-cadherin gene may confer a risk to prostate cancer: a meta-analysis based on 22 studies.
Identification of circulating microRNAs as biomarkers in diagnosis of hematologic cancers: a meta-analysis.
MicroRNAs as ideal biomarkers for the diagnosis of lung cancer.
Variation risks of SFRP2 hypermethylation between precancerous disease and colorectal cancer.
Meta-analyses of methylation markers for prostate cancer.
Systematic review of high-dose and standard-dose chemotherapies in the treatment  of primary well-differentiated osteosarcoma.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 (CYP1A1) polymorphism and susceptibility to esophageal cancer: an updated meta-analysis of 27 studies.
Clinicopathological significance of RUNX3 gene hypermethylation in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Prognostic significance of cyclooxygenase-2 protein in pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
ERCC polymorphisms and prognosis of patients with osteosarcoma.
Common polymorphism in the MMP-13 gene may contribute to the risk of human cancers: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of preoperative serum carcinoembryonic antigen in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between APE1 T1349G polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Abnormal MGMT promoter methylation may contribute to the risk of esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Who benefits from hypofractionated radiation therapy for clinically localized prostate cancer: evidence from meta-analysis.
Association between the CYP3A4 and CYP3A5 polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
BAT3 rs1052486 and rs3117582 polymorphisms are associated with lung cancer risk:  a meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of CD133 expression in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between TNF-α gene 308G>A polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
CRR9p polymorphism as a protective factor for lung cancer.
Comparison of efficacies of vegetable oil based and polyethylene glycol based bisacodyl suppositories in treating patients with neurogenic bowel dysfunction after spinal cord injury: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for intravesical recurrence after radical nephroureterectomy for upper tract urothelial carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacies of extended and standard pancreatoduodenectomy for ductal adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas.
Effectiveness of empowerment-based self-management interventions on patients with chronic metabolic diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Adjunctive therapy of xuezhikang capsule for coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
[Efficacy of intranasal antihistamine in the treatment of allergic rhinitis: a meta-analysis].
[Reconstruction methods of digestive tract after pancreaticodudenectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs].
Covered versus uncovered self-expandable metallic stents for palliation of malignant gastric outlet obstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of microvessel density in hepatocellular carcinoma patients: a meta-analysis.
Bilateral vs. unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between cannabis use and schizotypal dimensions--a meta-analysis of cross-sectional studies.
Quality of life in eating disorders: a meta-analysis.
Association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with subclinical atherosclerosis: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Association of CDKN2BAS polymorphism rs4977574 with coronary heart disease: a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of live attenuated influenza vaccine against influenza illness in children as a function of illness severity.
Influenza vaccination in HIV-infected individuals: systematic review and assessment of quality of evidence related to vaccine efficacy, effectiveness and  safety.
The risk of heart failure associated with the use of noninsulin blood glucose-lowering drugs: systematic review and meta-analysis of published observational studies.
Pain in patients with COPD: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of vitamin D receptor BsmI gene polymorphism with risk of low bone mineral density in post-menopausal women: a meta-analysis.
Preconception care: caffeine, smoking, alcohol, drugs and other environmental chemical/radiation exposure.
Preconception care: screening and management of chronic disease and promoting psychological health.
Preconception care: preventing and treating infections.
Preconception care: nutritional risks and interventions.
Preconception care: promoting reproductive planning.
Preconception care: closing the gap in the continuum of care to accelerate improvements in maternal, newborn and child health.
A meta-analysis of the risk of venous thromboembolism in inflammatory rheumatic diseases.
Obesity and cancer: the role of vitamin D.
Dietary calcium intake and mortality risk from cardiovascular disease and all causes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Safety and efficacy of transurethral laser therapy for bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of FDG-PET to diagnose lung cancer in areas with infectious lung disease: a meta-analysis.
Levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system versus medical therapy for menorrhagia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do sugar-sweetened beverages cause adverse health outcomes in adults? A systematic review protocol.
Preventing pre-eclampsia - are dietary factors the key?
The association between dietary factors and gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Kudo's pit pattern classification for colorectal neoplasms: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacological interventions for improved colonic anastomotic healing: a meta-analysis.
Occupational exposures and colorectal cancers: a quantitative overview of epidemiological evidence.
Prolonged effectiveness of coronary artery bypass surgery versus drug-eluting stents in diabetics with multi-vessel disease: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of coronary heart disease and risk of stroke in women with polycystic ovary  syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiac adipose tissue is associated with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of crizotinib in the treatment of anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Maternal caffeine intake during pregnancy is associated with risk of low birth weight: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Trio study and meta-analysis support the association of genetic variation at the  serotonin transporter with early-onset obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Coffee consumption and risk of gastric cancer: a large updated meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Clinical and safety outcomes associated with treatment of acute venous thromboembolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment of latent tuberculosis infection: a network meta-analysis.
Accuracy of urinary human papillomavirus testing for presence of cervical HPV: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin use and risk of liver cancer: an update meta-analysis.
Study protocol: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in first-line treatment of squamous non-small cell lung cancer.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials of postconditioning in ST-elevation myocardial infarction.
Meta-analysis of mortality outcomes and mitral regurgitation evolution in 4,839 patients having transcatheter aortic valve implantation for severe aortic stenosis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of renal denervation on blood pressure and pulse pressure in patients with resistant systemic hypertension.
Dietary fiber intake and total mortality: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Vertical transmission of hepatitis C virus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of phospho-Akt in patients with non-small cell lung carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Betel quid chewing and the risk of oral and oropharyngeal cancers: a meta-analysis with implications for cancer control.
Influence of enteric infections on response to oral poliovirus vaccine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of neoadjuvant therapy for HER2-positive breast cancer: a network meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of blood interleukin-6 in the prediction of functional outcome after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between sugar-sweetened and artificially sweetened soft drinks and type 2 diabetes: systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Association between total, processed, red and white meat consumption and all-cause, CVD and IHD mortality: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Efficacy of immunosuppression monotherapy after liver transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of nonsteroidal anti-inﬂammatory drugs in prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Abnormal β-catenin immunohistochemical expression as a prognostic factor in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the prevalence of parental concerns measured by the Parents' Evaluation of Developmental Status (PEDS) indicating developmental risk.
A meta-analysis of the proportion of antimicrobial resistant human Salmonella isolates in Ethiopia.
Proximal femoral nail vs. dynamic hip screw in treatment of intertrochanteric fractures: a meta-analysis.
Osteoporosis and fractures in HIV/hepatitis C virus coinfection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Circulating fatty acids and prostate cancer risk: individual participant meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Immunological markers of Plasmodium vivax exposure and immunity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of biological therapy in metastatic colorectal cancer after first-line treatment: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Rural-to-urban migrants are at high risk of sexually transmitted and viral hepatitis infections in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Apo E gene polymorphism affects development of type 2 diabetic nephropathy in Asian populations, especially in East Asians: an updated meta-analysis.
SULT1A1 Arg213His polymorphism is associated with bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
S-1-based vs non-S-1-based chemotherapy in advanced gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Omega-3 essential fatty acids therapy for dry eye syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Does cigarette smoking alter the risk of pterygium? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of weight loss among named diet programs in overweight and obese adults: a meta-analysis.
Global distribution of malaria-resistant MHC-HLA alleles: the number and frequencies of alleles and malaria risk.
Safety, immunogenicity and efficacy of a recombinant tetravalent dengue vaccine:  a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Fluid resuscitation in sepsis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Screening for asymptomatic carotid artery stenosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis for the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.
Genders of patients and clinicians and their effect on shared decision making: a  participant-level meta-analysis.
Short versus long duration of DAPT after DES implantation: a meta-analysis.
Prescription opioid misuse and its relation to injection drug use and hepatitis C virus infection: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Indirect comparison meta-analysis of two enoxaparin regimens in patients undergoing major orthopaedic surgery. Impact on the interpretation of thromboprophylactic effects of new anticoagulant drugs.
Prehospital noninvasive ventilation for acute respiratory failure: systematic review, network meta-analysis, and individual patient data meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of pregnant patients investigated for suspected pulmonary embolism in the emergency department.
99mTc-Pertechnetate imaging for detection of ectopic gastric mucosa: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the pertinent literature..
Uterine-sparing minimally invasive interventions in women with uterine fibroids:  a systematic review and indirect treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) for primary thrombo-prophylaxis in patients with solid malignancies - systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence and clinical significance of occult fractures in children with radiograph-negative acute ankle injury. A meta-analysis.
Waiting list may be a nocebo condition in psychotherapy trials: a contribution from network meta-analysis.
Seroprevalence of Toxoplasma gondii in the Iranian general population: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of sex differences in cyber-bullying behavior: the moderating role of age.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: the I148M variant of patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing 3 gene (PNPLA3) is significantly associated with  alcoholic liver cirrhosis.
Evaluating the efficacy of Tui Na in treatment of childhood anorexia: a meta-analysis.
Safety and clinical outcome of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Fructose, high-fructose corn syrup, sucrose, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease or indexes of liver health: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular disease and vitamin D supplementation: trial analysis, systematic  review, and meta-analysis.
Low-calorie sweeteners and body weight and composition: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and prospective cohort studies.
The effect of fiber supplementation on irritable bowel syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence, risk factors, and outcomes of interval colorectal cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of antidepressants and psychological therapies, including hypnotherapy, in irritable bowel syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Compared with usual sodium intake, low- and excessive-sodium diets are associated with increased mortality: a meta-analysis.
Exercise training in adults with CKD: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Measuring GFR: a systematic review.
Kidney stones and cardiovascular risk: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Fish consumption and acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Lipids, lipid genes, and incident age-related macular degeneration: the three continent age-related macular degeneration consortium.
The association of blood pressure and primary open-angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Re-analysis of safety data supporting doxylamine use for nausea and vomiting of pregnancy.
Anterior cruciate ligament injury and radiologic progression of knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and safety of the Ambu(®) AuraOnce(™) laryngeal mask airway  during general anaesthesia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Work related etiology of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS): a meta-analysis.
Birth weight and adult cancer incidence: large prospective study and meta-analysis.
Influence of the IL17A locus in giant cell arteritis susceptibility.
The global burden attributable to low bone mineral density.
Outcome of patients undergoing salvage surgery for recurrent nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Clinical efficacy of add-back therapy in treatment of endometriosis: a meta-analysis.
Does immobilization after arthroscopic rotator cuff repair increase tendon healing? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Efficacy and safety of intravenous immunoglobulins in the management of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia due to ABO incompatibility: a meta-analysis].
Effectiveness of aquatic exercise for musculoskeletal conditions: a meta-analysis.
Finger length pattern as a biomarker for osteoarthritis and chronic joint pain: a population-based study and meta-analysis after systematic review.
Thoratec CentriMag for temporary treatment of refractory cardiogenic shock or severe cardiopulmonary insufficiency: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors in advanced squamous  cell carcinoma of the lung: a meta-analysis.
Does obesity increase the risk of injury or mortality in motor vehicle crashes? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met polymorphism association with antidepressant efficacy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of 370-371insACA, 494T>C, and 1423C>T haplotype in ubiquitin-specific protease 26 gene and male infertility: a meta-analysis.
Association between periodontal disease and its treatment, flow-mediated dilatation and carotid intima-media thickness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Liver enzymes and risk of cardiovascular disease in the general population: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
The clinical phenotype associated with myositis-specific and associated autoantibodies: a meta-analysis revisiting the so-called antisynthetase syndrome.
Candidate genes for aggression and antisocial behavior: a meta-analysis of association studies of the 5HTTLPR and MAOA-uVNTR.
The relationship between stress and delay discounting: a meta-analytic review.
Meta-analysis: Lactobacillus reuteri strain DSM 17938 (and the original strain ATCC 55730) for treating acute gastroenteritis in children.
Association between BRCA1 rs799917 polymorphism and breast cancer risk: A meta-analysis of 19,878 subjects.
Protein expression of various hepatic uridine 5'-diphosphate glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) enzymes and their inter-correlations: a meta-analysis.
Medication reviews for nursing home residents to reduce mortality and hospitalization: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bortezomib-cyclophosphamide-dexamethasone (VCD) versus bortezomib-thalidomide-dexamethasone (VTD) -based regimens as induction therapies in newly diagnosed transplant eligible patients with multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis.
Compression garments and recovery from exercise-induced muscle damage: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of pancreaticogastrostomy versus pancreaticojejunostomy after pancreaticoduodenectomy.
Meta-analysis of endoscopic therapy for low-grade dysplasia in Barrett's oesophagus.
A meta-analysis of probiotics for preventing necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm neonates.
Procedures for location of non-palpable breast lesions: a systematic review for the radiologist.
Prognostic significance of survivin in breast cancer: meta-analysis.
Caesarean section to prevent transmission of hepatitis B: a meta-analysis.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for treating posttraumatic stress disorder: an exploratory meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
Mechanism-based pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic meta-analysis of navitoclax (ABT-263) induced thrombocytopenia.
Metformin and cancer risk and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis taking into account biases and confounders.
Vitamin D receptor polymorphism FokI and cancer risk: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Aromatic adducts and lung cancer risk in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) Spanish cohort.
Cross-cancer pleiotropic analysis of endometrial cancer: PAGE and E2C2 consortia.
Diagnostic accuracy of intravascular ultrasound-derived minimal lumen area compared with fractional flow reserve--meta-analysis: pooled accuracy of IVUS luminal area versus FFR.
Relations between false belief understanding and executive function in early childhood: a meta-analysis.
Probiotics' preventive effect on pediatric food allergy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Therapeutic effect and safety of ustekinumab for plaque psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Evidence-based prescribing: combining network meta-analysis with multicriteria decision analysis to choose among multiple drugs.
An integrative analysis of the tumorigenic role of TAZ in human non-small cell lung cancer.
Efficacy and safety of pitavastatin versus simvastatin: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Antivascular endothelial growth factors in the treatment of macular oedema secondary to central retinal vein occlusion: a meta-analysis.
Specific serotonin reuptake inhibitors prevent interferon-α-induced depression in patients with hepatitis C: a meta-analysis.
Reductions in intraocular pressure after acute aerobic exercise: a meta-analysis.
Does anodal transcranial direct current stimulation modulate sensory perception and pain? A meta-analysis study.
Is unilateral kyphoplasty as effective and safe as bilateral kyphoplasties for osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures? A meta-analysis.
High-energy versus low-energy extracorporeal shock wave therapy for calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder: which is superior? A meta-analysis.
Impact of cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphisms on citalopram/escitalopram exposure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Can diffusion-weighted imaging be used to differentiate brain abscess from other  ring-enhancing brain lesions? A meta-analysis.
Thymidylate synthase genetic polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of peginterferon plus ribavirin for patients aged ≥ 65 years  with chronic hepatitis C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of common polymorphisms rs2910164 in miR-146a and rs11614913 in miR-196a2 on susceptibility to colorectal cancer: a systematic review meta-analysis.
Drug treatment of primary insomnia: a meta-analysis of polysomnographic randomized controlled trials.
Streptococcus bovis infection and colorectal neoplasia: a meta-analysis.
Does the addition of targeted biological agents to first-line chemotherapy for advanced colorectal cancer increase complete response? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preoperative risk factors for anastomotic leakage after resection for colorectal  cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of a dual combination of noninsulin antidiabetic drugs on lipids: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Meta-analytic review of psychological interventions for children survivors of natural and man-made disasters.
Resting frontal EEG asymmetry in children: meta-analyses of the effects of psychosocial risk factors and associations with internalizing and externalizing behavior.
Media use and ADHD-related behaviors in children and adolescents: A meta-analysis.
Combinational therapy with metformin and sodium-glucose cotransporter inhibitors  in management of type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analyses.
Comparison of repaglinide and metformin versus metformin alone for type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Impact of different training modalities on glycaemic control and blood lipids in  patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Surrogate measures of insulin sensitivity vs the hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamp: a meta-analysis.
Serum procalcitonin and C-reactive protein levels as markers of bacterial infection in patients with liver cirrhosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Staging accuracy of ampullary tumors by endoscopic ultrasound: meta-analysis and  systematic review.
Perineal wound healing after abdominoperineal resection for rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of Helicobacter pylori infection with esophageal adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
FCGR3A 158V/F polymorphism and response to frontline R-CHOP therapy in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Genetic polymorphisms in the ESR1 gene and cerebral infarction risk: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of novel oral anticoagulants for the preventive treatment in atrial fibrillation patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy and duration of vaccine protection against human papillomavirus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Which diet for prevention of type 2 diabetes? A meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Effect of mobile telephones on sperm quality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Elemental composition of particulate matter and the association with lung function.
Air pollution during pregnancy and childhood cognitive and psychomotor development: six European birth cohorts.
A meta-analysis of socio-demographic factors predicting birth in health facility.
A meta-analysis of selected maternal and fetal factors for perinatal mortality.
A meta-analysis of socio-demographic factors for perinatal mortality in developing countries: a subgroup analysis of the national surveys and small scale studies.
For what endpoint does myocardial 123I-MIBG scintigraphy have the greatest prognostic value in patients with chronic heart failure? Results of a pooled individual patient data meta-analysis.
The diagnostic accuracy and outcomes after coronary computed tomography angiography vs. conventional functional testing in patients with stable angina pectoris: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
18F-fluoro-deoxy-glucose-positron emission tomography/computed tomography in diagnosis of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between tea consumption and pancreatic cancer risk: a meta-analysis  based on prospective cohort studies and case-control studies.
Sweetened carbonated beverage consumption and cancer risk: meta-analysis and review.
The effects of soy protein on chronic kidney disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Gene polymorphism of cytochrome P450 2C19*2 and clopidogrel resistance reflected  by platelet function assays: a meta-analysis.
Dairy foods intake and risk of Parkinson's disease: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Systematic review and bivariate/HSROC random-effect meta-analysis of immunochemical and guaiac-based fecal occult blood tests for colorectal cancer screening.
Periodontal disease and stroke: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Green tea catechins and blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of  randomised controlled trials.
More ubiquitous effects from non-pharmacologic than from pharmacologic treatments for fibromyalgia syndrome: a meta-analysis examining six core symptoms.
Efficacy and safety of linezolid for the treatment of infections in children: a meta-analysis.
Selecting patients for a second hepatectomy for colorectal metastases: an systemic review and meta-analysis.
Nitrogen dioxide and mortality: review and meta-analysis of long-term studies.
The comparison of instrumented and non-instrumented fusion in the treatment of lumbar spondylolisthesis: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of adjuvant and neoadjuvant chemotherapy for upper tract urothelial carcinoma.
Stenting strategy for coronary artery bifurcation with drug-eluting stents: a meta-analysis of nine randomised trials and systematic review.
Efficacy of catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation in patients with obstructive sleep apnoea with and without continuous positive airway pressure treatment: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Risk of thyroid dysfunction in patients with solid tumors treated with VEGF receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors: a critical literature review and meta analysis.
Intravenous vernakalant for the rapid conversion of recent onset atrial fibrillation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Duplex value of caveolin-1 in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta analysis.
Outcomes of robotic sacrocolpopexy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists for the preservation of ovarian function  among women with breast cancer who did not use tamoxifen after chemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
GI bleeding in patients with continuous-flow left ventricular assist devices: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reevaluating the role of antidepressants in cancer-related depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of critically ill patients reveals several potential risk factors for delirium.
Genetic variants in apoptosis-related genes associated with colorectal hyperplasia.
ABCB1 C3435T polymorphism and the risk of ischemic heart disease: a meta-analysis.
SUMO1 genetic polymorphisms may contribute to the risk of nonsyndromic cleft lip  with or without palate: a meta-analysis.
Hospital and surgeon volume in relation to long-term survival after oesophagectomy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aerobic exercise effect on prognostic markers for systolic heart failure patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Organ dysfunction in patients with left ventricular impairment: what is the effect of cardiopulmonary bypass?
Radiofrequency ablation vs. surgical resection on the treatment of patients with  small hepatocellular carcinoma: a system review and meta-analysis of five randomized controlled trials.
Pre-medication to improve esophagogastroduodenoscopic visibility: a meta-analysis and systemic review.
Factors influencing delayed gastric emptying after pancreaticoduodenectomy - a meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness of noninvasive liver fibrosis tests for treatment decisions in patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Genetic variation in ORMDL3 gene may contribute to the risk of asthma: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between chemokine receptor 5 Δ32/W gene polymorphism and lupus nephritis.
Identification of susceptibility loci for colorectal cancer in a genome-wide meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of minocycline augmentation therapy in schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Ovarian responsiveness in women receiving fertility treatment after methotrexate  for ectopic pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
First-trimester exposure to metformin and risk of birth defects: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of endometrial, ovarian and breast cancer in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variants underlying risk of endometriosis: insights from meta-analysis of eight genome-wide association and replication datasets.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of telmisartan for flow-mediated  dilatation.
Ambient air pollution and pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Probiotic mix VSL#3 is effective adjunctive therapy for mild to moderately active ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
Tubularized incised plate urethroplasty for hypospadias reoperation: a review and meta-analysis.
Increased mortality after transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) in patients with severe aortic stenosis and low ejection fraction: a meta-analysis of 6898 patients.
Remote preconditioning and major clinical complications following adult cardiovascular surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cost-efficacy of biologic therapies for moderate to severe psoriasis from the perspective of the Taiwanese healthcare system.
Accuracy of serum human epididymis protein 4 in ovarian cancer diagnosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic and open abdominal staging for early-stage ovarian cancer: our experience, systematic review, and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Clinical factors associated with sexual dysfunction among men in methadone maintenance treatment and buprenorphine maintenance treatment: a meta-analysis study.
Metabolic syndrome and risk for ED: a meta-analysis.
Gender differences of lower extremity amputation risk in patients with diabetic foot: a meta-analysis.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphism (T-786C)  and ischemic stroke susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
The adverse effects profile of levetiracetam in epilepsy: a more detailed look.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials for the management of limited vertical height in the posterior region: short implants (5  to 8 mm) vs longer implants (> 8 mm) in vertically augmented sites.
Absence of protective effect of oral contraceptive use on the development of rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Reducing the risk of infection for transrectal prostate biopsy with povidone-iodine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aspirin use and the risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of 24 epidemiologic  studies.
Effects of alveolar recruitment maneuvers on clinical outcomes in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adjunct coronary endarterectomy increases myocardial infarction and early mortality after coronary artery bypass grafting: a meta-analysis.
The influence of menu labeling on calories selected or consumed: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comorbidity between depression and asthma via immune-inflammatory pathways: a meta-analysis.
The nuclear factor I/A (NFIA) gene is associated with the asthma plus rhinitis phenotype.
Acupuncture for the treatment of spasticity after stroke: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis comparing efficacy of antibiotics versus oral contraceptives in acne vulgaris.
Meta-analysis of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus colonization and risk of infection in dialysis patients.
Quinolones versus macrolides in the treatment of legionellosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Current data do not support routine use of patient-specific instrumentation in total knee arthroplasty.
The association between androgen receptor gene CAG polymorphism and polycystic ovary syndrome: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
The relationship between vitamin A and risk of fracture: meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The prognostic significance of the prognostic nutritional index in cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Positive association between circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and prostate  cancer risk: new findings from an updated meta-analysis.
Impact of everolimus versus other rapamycin derivative-eluting stents on clinical outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of 16 randomized trials.
ApoB gene SpIns/Del, XbaI polymorphisms and myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of 7169 participants.
The use of statins to prevent postoperative atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting: a meta-analysis of 12 studies.
Heart rate variability during social interactions in children with and without psychopathology: a meta-analysis.
Effect of odanacatib on BMD and fractures: estimates from Bayesian univariate and bivariate meta-analyses.
Molecular tools for diagnosis of visceral leishmaniasis: systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy.
Alterations of the bone dimension following immediate implant placement into extraction socket: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Entecavir plus adefovir combination therapy versus lamivudine add-on adefovir for lamivudine-resistant chronic hepatitis B: A meta-analysis.
Plasma L-tryptophan concentration in major depressive disorder: new data and meta-analysis.
Long-term outcome of obsessive-compulsive disorder in adults: a meta-analysis.
Physical activity interventions for people with mental illness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing the accuracy of ultrasound versus fluoroscopy in glenohumeral injections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Patients eligible for treatment with simeprevir in a French center.
Chronic hepatitis B infection and risk of preterm labor: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Diabetes and oral implant failure: a systematic review.
Bipolar transurethral resection versus monopolar transurethral resection for benign prostatic hypertrophy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: accuracy of interferon-gamma releasing assay and anti-Saccharomyces cerevisiae antibody in differentiating intestinal tuberculosis from Crohn's disease in Asians.
Association between HBsAg positivity and pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
The impact of capsaicin intake on risk of developing gastric cancers: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between PTPN11 G/A polymorphism at intron 3 with risk of gastric atrophy among East Asians.
Laparoscopic approach to appendectomy reduces the incidence of short- and long-term post-operative bowel obstruction: systematic review and pooled analysis.
Pancreaticogastrostomy versus pancreaticojejunostomy after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Surgical management for postkeratoplasty glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Clinical diagnostic evaluation for scaphoid fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of clinically significant portal hypertension on surgical outcomes and  survival following hepatectomy for hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Aspirin versus anticoagulation for prevention of venous thromboembolism major lower extremity orthopedic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glutathione-S-transferase polymorphism and acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) in  north Indian children: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Performance of the HAS-BLED high bleeding-risk category, compared to ATRIA and HEMORR2HAGES in patients with atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Which target is best for patients with Parkinson's disease? A meta-analysis of pallidal and subthalamic stimulation.
Chronic subdural hematoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of surgical procedures.
Meta-analysis comparing deep brain stimulation of the globus pallidus and subthalamic nucleus to treat advanced Parkinson disease.
Diagnostic accuracy of intraocular pressure measurement for the detection of raised intracranial pressure: meta-analysis: a systematic review.
The efficacy of hepatic 90Y resin radioembolization for metastatic neuroendocrine tumors: a meta-analysis.
The estrogen receptor α gene (XbaI, PvuII) polymorphisms and susceptibility to idiopathic scoliosis: a meta-analysis.
Early ankle movement versus immobilization in the postoperative management of ankle fracture in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Plate versus nail for distal tibial fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence and severity of chronic pain at 3 and 6 months after thoracotomy: meta-analysis.
Cesarean section and placental disorders in subsequent pregnancies--a meta-analysis.
Congenital heart defects and maternal fever: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes of using lasers for peri-implantitis surface detoxification: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of various laser wavelengths in the treatment of peri-implantitis.
White matter lesions and depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The potential role of atypical antipsychotics for the treatment of posttraumatic  stress disorder.
Does anxiety predict the use of urgent care by people with long term conditions?  A systematic review with meta-analysis.
Methodological extensions of meta-analysis with excess relative risk estimates: application to risk of second malignant neoplasms among childhood cancer survivors treated with radiotherapy.
Refractive versus diffractive multifocal intraocular lenses in cataract surgery:  a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The M235T polymorphism in the angiotensinogen gene and myocardial infarction risk: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between angiotensin II type 1 receptor A1166C gene polymorphism and myocardial infarction susceptibility.
Contribution of VDR polymorphisms to type 1 diabetes susceptibility: Systematic review of case-control studies and meta-analysis.
Association between telomerase reverse transcriptase rs2736100 polymorphism and risk of glioma.
Effects on bleeding complications of pharmacogenetic testing for initial dosing of vitamin K antagonists: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing mortality in patients with atrial fibrillation who are receiving a direct-acting oral anticoagulant or warfarin: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Effect of microvascular obstruction and intramyocardial hemorrhage by CMR on LV remodeling and outcomes after myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide analysis of the heritability of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Postoperative glaucoma following infantile cataract surgery: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Body mass index and risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Intra-articular clonidine for post-operative analgesia following arthroscopic knee surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of tofacitinib for active rheumatoid arthritis with an inadequate response to methotrexate or disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Distribution of rotavirus strains and strain-specific effectiveness of the rotavirus vaccine after its introduction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic determinants of common epilepsies: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Trilateral retinoblastoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and leukemia risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Bortezomib and lenalidomide as front-line therapy for multiple myeloma.
Systemic lupus erythematosus is associated with increased incidence of hematologic malignancies: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Bortezomib-thalidomide-based regimens improved clinical outcomes without increasing toxicity as induction treatment for untreated multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis of phase III randomized controlled trials.
Gender susceptibility for cigarette smoking-attributable lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
EGFR mutations and clinical outcomes of chemotherapy for advanced non-small cell  lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of miR-146a polymorphisms with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
[Clinical efficacy and safety of enzalutamide in metastatic castration-resistant  prostate cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis].
Maternal mortality among migrants in Western Europe: a meta-analysis.
Elite athletes live longer than the general population: a meta-analysis.
Association between alcohol consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease and all-cause mortality in patients with hypertension: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Case fatality rates of Ebola virus diseases: a meta-analysis of World Health Organization data.
Association between GSTM1 null genotype and coronary artery disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of hypertension in member countries of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC): systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rebamipide plus proton pump inhibitor versus proton pump inhibitor alone in the treatment of endoscopic submucosal dissection-induced gastric ulcer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Adiponectin is associated with increased mortality in patients with already established cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The ABCG2 gene Q141K polymorphism contributes to an increased risk of gout: a meta-analysis of 2185 cases.
Colorectal cancer and adenomatous polyps in relation to allium vegetables intake: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis: hoarding symptoms associated with poor treatment outcome in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Large-scale meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies six new risk loci for Parkinson's disease.
Risk of death following kidney allograft failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Association between angiotensin converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism and ischemic stroke in north Indian population: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Epidemiological genetics and meta-analysis of a polymorphism at codon 129 of the  PRNP gene in Alzheimer's disease in Brazil.
The effects of healthy aging, amnestic mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer's disease on recollection and familiarity: a meta-analytic review.
A meta-analysis of cognitive impairment following adult cancer chemotherapy.
Trunk restraint to promote upper extremity recovery in stroke patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of neural responses to appetitive and aversive stimuli in humans and other mammals.
Emotion regulation: quantitative meta-analysis of functional activation and deactivation.
Age-related differences in brain activity in the subsequent memory paradigm: a meta-analysis.
Alterations in the serotonin system in schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of postmortem and molecular imaging studies.
Stereotactic radiosurgery with and without embolization for intracranial arteriovenous malformations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the evidence on the impact of prenatal and early infancy exposures to mercury on autism and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the childhood.
Cigarette smoking and p300 amplitude in adults: a systematic review.
Mediterranean dietary pattern, inflammation and endothelial function: a systematic review and meta-analysis of intervention trials.
Effect of vitamin E supplementation on aminotransferase levels in patients with NAFLD, NASH, and CHC: results from a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on night shift work and risk of metabolic syndrome.
Is there a relationship between red or processed meat intake and obesity? A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of medium-term outcomes after banded Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.
A meta-analysis of 2-year effect after surgery: laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass versus laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy for morbid obesity and diabetes mellitus.
Incidence of cancer following bariatric surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of spiritual interventions in patients with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of stratus OCT glaucoma diagnostic accuracy.
Unilateral versus bilateral balloon kyphoplasty in the treatment of osteoporotic  vertebral compression fractures.
Rational pain management in complex regional pain syndrome 1 (CRPS 1)--a network  meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of therapeutic patient education for adults with migraine. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Hypoxia-inducible factor 1α expression and its clinical significance in pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic yield of EUS-FNA-based cytology distinguishing malignant and benign IPMNs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Timing of enteral nutrition in acute pancreatitis: meta-analysis of individuals using a single-arm of randomised trials.
Off-pump versus on-pump revascularization in females: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
The effects of ACL injury on knee proprioception: a meta-analysis.
Effect of total-body prehabilitation on postoperative outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Receptor-defined subtypes of breast cancer in indigenous populations in Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcome comparison of 600 mg versus 300 mg loading dose of clopidogrel for patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Folate intake and the risk of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Video game training enhances cognition of older adults: a meta-analytic study.
The effects of non-calcium-based phosphate binders versus calcium-based phosphate binders on cardiovascular calcification and bone remodeling among dialysis patients: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Percutaneous coronary intervention compared with coronary artery bypass graft in  coronary artery disease patients with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
COST-effectiveness of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate combination (Advair(®)) in uncontrolled asthma in Canada.
Prevalence of depression morbidity among Brazilian adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of cognitive performance in drug-naïve patients with schizophrenia.
Is there a binding deficit in working memory in patients with schizophrenia? A meta-analysis.
P450 enzyme-inducing and non-enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs for seizure prophylaxis after glioma resection surgery: a meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus prevalence among men in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Post-operative outcomes in adult obstructive sleep apnea patients undergoing non-upper airway surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of ACE I/D polymorphism with obstructive sleep apnea susceptibility:  evidence based on 2,228 subjects.
Perception of affective and linguistic prosody: an ALE meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Informatic parcellation of the network involved in the computation of subjective  value.
Fibrinolysis for intraventricular hemorrhage: an updated meta-analysis and systematic review of the literature.
Laparoscopic surgery for subfertility related to endometriosis: a meta-analysis.
Pulmonary complications with the use of mTOR inhibitors in targeted cancer therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of baclofen on abstinence and craving in alcohol-dependent patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is local anesthesia the optimum strategy in retrograde transcatheter aortic valve implantation? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mortality of patients with COPD participating in chronic disease management programmes: a happy end?
Cotrimoxazole prophylactic treatment prevents malaria in children in sub-Saharan  Africa: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fast-track surgery for gastroenteric neoplasms: a meta-analysis.
MicroRNAs as novel biomarkers in the diagnosis of non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis based on 20 studies.
Quantitative assessment of the diagnostic role of MUC1 in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Long noncoding RNA HOTAIR can serve as a common molecular marker for lymph node metastasis: a meta-analysis.
Hemorrhagic events in cancer patients treated with aflibercept: a meta-analysis.
Aberrant promoter methylation of the CHD1 gene may contribute to the pathogenesis of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between KIF1B rs17401966 polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis involving 17,210 subjects.
Diagnostic value of microRNAs in discriminating malignant thyroid nodules from benign ones on fine-needle aspiration samples.
Association of p73 G4C14-to-A4T14 polymorphism with lung cancer risk.
Combined effects of CYP1A1 MspI and GSTM1 genetic polymorphisms on risk of lung cancer: an updated meta-analysis.
The diagnostic value of serum hybrid capture 2 (CH2) HPV DNA in cervical cancer:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of IL-8-251A>T polymorphisms with oral cancer risk: evidences from a  meta-analysis.
Aberrant promoter methylation of the SFRP1 gene may contribute to colorectal carcinogenesis: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the associations between CD28 T > C polymorphism (rs3116496) and cancer risk.
An increased risk of ovarian cancer associated with polymorphism in BRCC5 gene in Caucasian populations.
Relationships between VEGF protein expression and pathological characteristics of diffuse large B cell lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Role of IL-17F T7488C polymorphism in carcinogenesis: a meta-analysis.
Aberrant promoter methylation of p15 (INK⁴b) and p16 (INK⁴a) genes may contribute to the pathogenesis of multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis.
E-cadherin gene methylation in lung cancer.
Effect of c-erbB2 overexpression on prognosis in osteosarcoma: evidence from eight studies.
CD24 single nucleotide polymorphisms and cancer risk.
MTHFR gene polymorphism and risk of myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of ERCP, EUS, and ERCP combined with EUS in diagnosing pancreatic neoplasms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MicroRNAs as novel biomarkers for pancreatic cancer diagnosis: a meta-analysis based on 18 articles.
Diagnostic value of microRNA-21 in the diagnosis of lung cancer: evidence from a  meta-analysis involving 11 studies.
Clinical value of serum Epstein-Barr virus DNA assay in the diagnosis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Glutathione S-transferase T1 null genotype and laryngeal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Influence of interleukin-28B polymorphism on progression to hepatitis virus-induced hepatocellular carcinoma.
Circulating soluble advanced glycation end product is inversely associated with the significant risk of developing cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of ERCC1 expression in gastric cancer patients treated with  platinum-based chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
The association between CD14-260C/T polymorphism and malignant tumor risk: a meta-analysis of 5,603 participants.
No evidence of correlation between p53 codon 72 G > C gene polymorphism and cancer risk in Indian population: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of urine prostate cancer antigen 3 test using a cutoff value of  35 μg/L in patients with prostate cancer.
Diagnostic value of computed tomography scanning in differentiating malignant from benign solitary pulmonary nodules: a meta-analysis.
Impact of endometriosis and its staging on assisted reproduction outcome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neurodevelopmental outcome in isolated mild fetal ventriculomegaly: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antiviral therapy decreases recurrence of hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma after curative resection: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open incisional and ventral hernia repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Postoperative nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and risk of anastomotic leak:  meta-analysis of clinical and experimental studies.
Meta-analysis of functional MBL polymorphisms. Associations with rheumatoid arthritis and primary Sjögren's syndrome.
[Association between androgenetic alopecia and metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis].
[Totally laparoscopic versus laparoscopic assisted distal gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Relationship between hypoxia inducible factor-1α and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a meta analysis].
[Association of BRAF(V) 600E mutation with clinical pathological features in papillary thyroid carcinoma: meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis of surgery treatment of chronic pancreatitis with an inflammatory mass in the head of pancreas: duodenum-preserving pancreatic head resection versus pancreatoduodenectomy].
[A meta-analysis of pancreaticojejunostomy on pancreatic fistula after pancreaticoduodenectomy].
[A meta-analysis of esophagectomy: the comparative study of Ivor-Lewis operation  and Sweet operation].
Osteopathic manipulative treatment for nonspecific low back pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The strengths based approach as a service delivery model for severe mental illness: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Translation of research into clinical practice: a case study of calcium supplement prescribing in New Zealand.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of increased vegetable and fruit consumption on body weight and energy intake.
Associations of the Baltic Sea diet with cardiometabolic risk factors--a meta-analysis of three Finnish studies.
Racial disparities in the association between diabetes mellitus-associated polymorphic locus rs4430796 of the HNF1β gene and prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Choroidal thickness and primary open-angle glaucoma: a cross-sectional study and  meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T and A1298C polymorphisms and gastric cancer susceptibility.
Robotic versus laparoscopic right colectomy: a meta-analysis.
Self-management support interventions to reduce health care utilisation without compromising outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Words or numbers? Communicating risk of adverse effects in written consumer health information: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D supplements and cancer incidence and mortality: a meta-analysis.
Manual therapy and exercise for adhesive capsulitis (frozen shoulder).
Association of a disintegrin and metalloproteinase 33 (ADAM33) gene polymorphisms with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Adherence to antiretroviral therapy in adolescents living with HIV: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fast-track surgery versus traditional perioperative care in laparoscopic colorectal cancer surgery: a meta-analysis.
Pain management with acupuncture in osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
HPV catch-up vaccination of young women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Significance of serum procalcitonin as biomarker for detection of bacterial peritonitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of serotonin transporter gene polymorphism and geriatric depression: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between CR1 polymorphisms and risk of late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Association between vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Does intravenous contrast-enhanced computed tomography cause acute kidney injury? Protocol of a systematic review of the evidence.
Predictors and correlates of adherence to combination antiretroviral therapy (ART) for chronic HIV infection: a meta-analysis.
Dental auxiliaries for dental care traditionally provided by dentists.
Systematic evaluation of percutaneous radiofrequency ablation versus percutaneous ethanol injection for the treatment of small hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Mean platelet volume and coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes of patients treated with Nobori biolimus-eluting stent: Meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Outcomes of pharmacogenetics-guided dosing of warfarin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of vaccine effectiveness of mumps-containing vaccine under different immunization strategies in China.
[A meta-analysis of Association between MGMT gene promoter methylation and non-small cell lung cancer].
Reinforcement of anchorage during orthodontic brace treatment with implants or other surgical methods.
Meta-analysis in more than 17,900 cases of ischemic stroke reveals a novel association at 12q24.12.
Efficacy of antibiotic therapy for peritoneal dialysis-associated peritonitis: a  proportional meta-analysis.
Bivalirudin versus heparin in patients planned for percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Blood pressure-lowering treatment based on cardiovascular risk: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Polymorphisms in estrogen receptors predict the risk of male infertility: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of statins on renal function.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of preprocedural statin administration for reducing contrast-induced acute kidney injury in patients undergoing coronary catheterization.
Meta-analysis of the influence of chronic kidney disease on the risk of thromboembolism among patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation.
Meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of rivaroxaban compared with warfarin or dabigatran in patients undergoing catheter ablation for atrial fibrillation.
Maternal genotype and severe preeclampsia: a HuGE review.
Maternal hyperlipidemia and the risk of preeclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Common polymorphisms in the HIF-1α gene confer susceptibility to digestive cancer: a meta-analysis.
Enterolactone concentrations and prognosis after postmenopausal breast cancer: assessment of effect modification and meta-analysis.
Risk of gastrointestinal events with sorafenib, sunitinib and pazopanib in patients with solid tumors: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Effectiveness of mass media interventions for HIV prevention, 1986-2013: a meta-analysis.
Safety of cotrimoxazole in pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reliability and validity of depression assessment among persons with HIV in sub-Saharan Africa: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Different patterns of brain activation in normal aging and Alzheimer's disease from cognitional sight: meta analysis using activation likelihood estimation.
Quantitative assessment of CYP2D6 polymorphisms and risk of Alzheimer's disease:  a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of oxidative stress markers in bipolar disorder.
Effect of oat intake on glycaemic control and insulin sensitivity: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Alteration of lipid profile in subclinical hypothyroidism: a meta-analysis.
The preventive effect of atorvastatin on atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Treatment of severe or progressive Kaposi's sarcoma in HIV-infected adults.
Association between phosphatase related gene variants and coronary artery disease: case-control study and meta-analysis.
Identification of SOCS2 and SOCS6 as biomarkers in human colorectal cancer.
Strategies to diagnose ovarian cancer: new evidence from phase 3 of the multicentre international IOTA study.
Effect of bilateral internal mammary artery grafts on long-term survival: a meta-analysis approach.
Untreated brain arteriovenous malformation: patient-level meta-analysis of hemorrhage predictors.
Association study of two inflammation-related polymorphisms with susceptibility to hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Challenges in assessing pathogenicity based on frequency of variants in mismatch  repair genes: an extreme case of a MSH2 variant and a meta-analysis.
Association between thrombomodulin polymorphisms and coronary artery disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of microRNA-145 in various human malignant neoplasms: a meta-analysis of 18 related studies.
Orthodontic treatment for posterior crossbites.
The effect of Chinese herbal medicine on non-biliogenic severe acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of fish oil on serum lipid profile in dialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Relationship between CYP7A1 -204A>C polymorphism with gallbladder stone disease and serum lipid levels: a meta-analysis.
Trans-ethnic genome-wide association study of colorectal cancer identifies a new  susceptibility locus in VTI1A.
Glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide for paraquat-induced lung fibrosis.
Transthoracic vs transhiatal surgery for cancer of the esophagogastric junction:  a meta-analysis.
Clinical outcome of small hepatocellular carcinoma after different treatments: a  meta-analysis.
Pouch size influences clinical outcome of pouch construction after total gastrectomy: a meta-analysis.
Subclinical thyroid dysfunction and the risk for fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of BCG vaccination against Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection in children: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Very low levels of atherogenic lipoproteins and the risk for cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis of statin trials.
MTLRP genetic polymorphism (214C>A) was associated with Type 2 diabetes in Caucasian population: a meta-analysis.
Oral antiviral therapy for prevention of genital herpes outbreaks in immunocompetent and nonpregnant patients.
Point-of-care ultrasonography for the diagnosis of acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema in patients presenting with acute dyspnea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes.
Deprived neighborhoods and adverse perinatal outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Development of an evidence-based, gay-specific cognitive behavioral therapy intervention for methamphetamine-abusing gay and bisexual men.
Meta-analysis of the safety and factors contributing to complications of MS-TRAM, DIEP, and SIEA flaps for breast reconstruction.
Burden of nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor resistance in HIV-1-infected patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: alcohol consumption and the risk of colorectal adenoma.
Prevalence of common food allergies in Europe: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Increased fruit and vegetable intake has no discernible effect on weight loss: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body mass index categories in observational studies of weight and risk of death.
Executive functions of sedentary elderly may benefit from walking: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relation between cigarette smoking and risk of acute myeloid leukemia: an updated meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Epidemiology of pathogens and drug resistance of ventilator-associated pneumonia  in Chinese neonatal intensive care units: a meta-analysis.
Treatment effectiveness of Fränkel function regulator on the Class III malocclusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of exercise on cancer-related fatigue: a meta-analysis.
Gray matter abnormalities in childhood maltreatment: a voxel-wise meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of all-cause mortality according to serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D.
MRSA and VRE colonization in solid organ transplantation: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Pentax Airway Scope® vs Macintosh laryngoscope for tracheal intubation in adult patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of continuous noninvasive hemoglobin monitoring: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nicotine for postoperative analgesia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of probiotics for the treatment of atopic dermatitis: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Asthma and toxocariasis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the benefits of out-of-hospital 12-lead ECG and advance notification in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction patients.
GSTT1 and GSTM1 polymorphisms predict treatment outcome for acute myeloid leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of FLT3 internal tandem duplication, nucleophosmin 1, and CEBPA gene mutations for acute myeloid leukemia patients with normal karyotype and younger than 60 years: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic association signal near NTN4 in Tourette syndrome.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of adjuvant i(131) lipiodol after excision of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Systematic review and meta-analysis comparing the surgical outcomes of invasive intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms and conventional pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
A meta-analysis of surgical versus nonsurgical management of recurrent thymoma.
Off-pump versus on-pump coronary revascularization: meta-analysis of mid- and long-term outcomes.
Polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor (VDR) genes and skin cancer risk in European population: a meta-analysis.
Electrosurgical bipolar vessel sealing for vaginal hysterectomies.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on lipid profiles in dialysis patients: meta-analysis.
The effects of low-intensity pulsed ultrasound and pulsed electromagnetic fields  bone growth stimulation in acute fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is extracorporeal shock wave therapy clinical efficacy for relief of chronic, recalcitrant plantar fasciitis? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo or active-treatment controlled trials.
Occupational exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and respiratory and urinary tract cancers: an updated systematic review and a meta-analysis to 2014.
Are older adults missing from low back pain clinical trials? A systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Early passive motion versus immobilization after arthroscopic rotator cuff repair.
Prevention of venous thromboembolic events with low-molecular-weight heparin in the non-major orthopaedic setting: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Markers of atherosclerotic development in children with familial hypercholesterolemia: a literature review.
Laser versus non-laser stapedotomy in otosclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prepotent response inhibition and interference control in autism spectrum disorders: two meta-analyses.
Effect of antiplatelet/anticoagulant therapy on severe ischemic complications in  patients with giant cell arteritis: a cumulative meta-analysis.
Iron overload in allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation outcome: a meta-analysis.
Protein requirements in healthy adults: a meta-analysis of nitrogen balance studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of patient-specific instrumentation for improving alignment of the components in total knee replacement.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the topical administration of tranexamic acid in total hip and knee replacement.
Insulin therapy and the risk of colorectal cancer in patients with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Thiazolidinediones and associated risk of bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of von Willebrand factor on inhibitor eradication in patients with severe  haemophilia A: a systematic review.
High-intensity interval training in patients with lifestyle-induced cardiometabolic disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of soft tissue massage and exercise for the treatment of non-specific shoulder pain: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Systematic review, network meta-analysis and exploratory cost-effectiveness model of randomized trials of minimally invasive techniques versus surgery for varicose veins.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing combined compression and anticoagulation with either modality alone for prevention of venous thromboembolism after surgery.
The hubs of the human connectome are generally implicated in the anatomy of brain disorders.
Preservation or division of the intercostobrachial nerve in axillary dissection for breast cancer: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Prognosis of synchronous bilateral breast cancer: a review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
[Modifiable risk factors for primary headache. A systematic review].
Novel oral anticoagulants in patients with renal insufficiency: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Oral anticoagulation for pulmonary arterial hypertension: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparable benefit of β-blocker therapy in heart failure across regions of the world: meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Sexually transmitted infections and prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol drinking and risk of leukemia-a systematic review and meta-analysis of the dose-risk relation.
Imaging features of HER2 overexpression in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the NFKB1-94ins/del ATTG polymorphism and cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Outcomes after (90) Yttrium-ibritumomab tiuxetan-BEAM in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparing higher and lower dose radiotherapy for palliation in locally advanced lung cancer.
Survival benefit from S-1 as compared to Fluorouracil in Asian patients with advanced gastrointestinal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Impact of neoadjuvant single or dual HER2 inhibition and chemotherapy backbone upon pathological complete response in operable and locally advanced breast cancer: Sensitivity analysis of randomized trials.
Biodegradable polymer drug-eluting stents versus second-generation drug-eluting stents for patients with coronary artery disease: an update meta-analysis.
Centrally inserted external catheters and totally implantable ports for the delivery of chemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of device-related complications.
Pentoxifylline in heart failure: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors and cardiovascular outcomes: meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials with 55,141 participants.
Effect of telmisartan on atrial fibrillation recurrences in patients with hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Parcellating an individual subject's cortical and subcortical brain structures using snowball sampling of resting-state correlations.
Probabilistic meta-analysis of risk from the exposure to Hg in artisanal gold mining communities in Colombia.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of type 2 diabetes mellitus treatment based on the "three-typed syndrome differentiation" theory in Chinese medicine.
Noninducibility in postinfarction ventricular tachycardia as an end point for ventricular tachycardia ablation and its effects on outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Hypericum perforatum L. preparations for menopause: a meta-analysis of efficacy and safety.
Vitamin D receptor gene and risk of fracture in postmenopausal women: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of dedicated positron emission mammography using fluorine-18-fluorodeoxyglucose in women with suspicious breast lesions: a meta-analysis.
Biological drugs for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis by subcutaneous route: determining statistical equivalence according to evidence-based methods.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of ustekinumab for moderate to severe psoriasis.
The diagnostic value of monoclonal gastric cancer 7 antigen: a systematic review  with meta-analysis.
Association of single-nucleotide polymorphism rs4236601 near caveolin 1 and 2 with primary open-angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Histologic changes in liver tissue from patients with chronic hepatitis B and minimal increases in levels of alanine aminotransferase: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Folic acid supplementation with and without vitamin B6 and revascularization risk: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Alcohol consumption and risk of metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of immune-modulating nutritional support for gastrointestinal cancer patients.
Client preferences affect treatment satisfaction, completion, and clinical outcome: a meta-analysis.
Omega-3 fatty acid and ADHD: blood level analysis and meta-analytic extension of  supplementation trials.
Cognitive emotion regulation strategies, alexithymia and dissociation in schizophrenia, a review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of Multisystemic Therapy (MST): a meta-analysis.
Dual-source CT versus single-source 64-section CT angiography for coronary artery disease: A meta-analysis.
Risk of coronary artery disease in patients with systemic sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Azithromycin improves lung function in patients with post-lung transplant bronchiolitis obliterans syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and risk of harms of immediate- versus extended-release second-generation antidepressants: a systematic review with network meta-analysis.
Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) during the postoperative period for prevention of postoperative morbidity and mortality following major abdominal surgery.
The efficacy and safety of Chinese herbal medicine, Rhodiola formulation in treating ischemic heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The association between blood lipid and phlegm turbidity syndrome of angina pectoris: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of acupuncture in postoperative gastroparesis syndrome--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Homeopathy in the treatment of fibromyalgia--a comprehensive literature-review and meta-analysis.
Genetic basis of cranial cruciate ligament rupture (CCLR) in dogs.
Long-term risk of late and very late stent thrombosis in patients treated with everolimus against paclitaxel-eluting stents: an updated meta-analysis.
Conceptualizing neuropsychiatric diseases with multimodal data-driven meta-analyses - the case of behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia.
Indirect comparison of bazedoxifene vs oral bisphosphonates for the prevention of vertebral fractures in postmenopausal osteoporotic women.
Systematic review of long-acting injectables versus oral atypical antipsychotics  on hospitalization in schizophrenia.
The impact of VKORC1-1639G > A genetic polymorphism upon warfarin dose requirement in different ethnic populations.
The effectiveness and safety of avanafil for erectile dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis of the efficacy of belatacept, cyclosporine and tacrolimus for immunosuppression therapy in adult renal transplant recipients.
Systematic evidence synthesis of treatments for ADHD in children and adolescents: indirect treatment comparisons of lisdexamfetamine with methylphenidate and atomoxetine.
Game-based digital interventions for depression therapy: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Efficacy and acceptability of acute treatments for persistent depressive disorder: a network meta-analysis.
Behavioral therapy and serotonin reuptake inhibitor pharmacotherapy in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis of head-to-head randomized controlled trials.
Prevention of type 2 diabetes; a systematic review and meta-analysis of different intervention strategies.
The prognostic value of metformin for cancer patients with concurrent diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes as risk factor for incident coronary heart disease in women compared with men: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 64 cohorts including 858,507 individuals and 28,203 coronary events.
Efficacy and safety of endoscopic submucosal dissection for superficial squamous  esophageal neoplasia: a meta-analysis.
Association of genetic variants in GNβ3 with functional dyspepsia: a meta-analysis.
Adjuvant chemotherapy versus surgery alone for esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and nonrandomized studies.
Correlations of MCP-1 -2518A>G polymorphism and serum levels with cerebral infarction risk: a meta-analysis.
Expression of hepatic drug-metabolizing cytochrome p450 enzymes and their intercorrelations: a meta-analysis.
Salt or sugar for your injured brain? A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials of mannitol versus hypertonic sodium solutions to manage raised intracranial pressure in traumatic brain injury.
Meta-analysis of methylcobalamin alone and in combination with prostaglandin E1 in the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Associations between TNF gene polymorphisms (-308 A/G, -238 A/G, -1031 C/T and -857 T/C) and genetic susceptibility to T1D: a meta-analysis.
Associations of methylmercury and inorganic mercury between human cord blood and  maternal blood: a meta-analysis and its application.
The prevalence and risk of human papillomavirus infection in pregnant women.
The ABCB1-C3435T polymorphism likely acts as a risk factor for resistance to antiepileptic drugs.
Smoking behavior characteristics of non-selected smokers with childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (AD/HD) history: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of flucytosine and fluconazole combined with amphotericin B for the treatment of HIV-associated cryptococcal meningitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of adalimumab for the Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of published randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Bevacizumab increases the risk of gastrointestinal perforation in cancer patients: a meta-analysis with a focus on different subgroups.
Indirect bioequivalence assessment using network meta-analyses.
COMT 158G/A and CYP1B1 432C/G polymorphisms increase the risk of endometriosis and adenomyosis: a meta-analysis.
Open reduction and internal-fixation versus radial head replacement in treatment  of Mason type III radial head fractures.
Is wound drainage necessary in hip arthroplasty? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of tourniquet use in total knee arthroplasty: grading the evidence through an updated meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Editor's choice--The effect of supervision on walking distance in patients with intermittent claudication: a meta-analysis.
The value of diffusion-weighted imaging in the detection of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Inhaled antibiotics for stable non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis: a systematic review.
Xpert MTB/RIF assay for the diagnosis of extrapulmonary tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The -675 4G/5G polymorphism in the PAI-1 gene may not contribute to the risk of PCOS.
Beneficial effects of statins on outcomes in pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Robot-assisted sacrocolpopexy for pelvic organ prolapse: a systematic review and  meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Aspiration thrombectomy in ST-elevation myocardial infarction.
An individual patient-based meta-analysis of the effects of dronedarone in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Antioxidants for prevention of atrial fibrillation: a potentially useful future therapeutic approach? A review of the literature and meta-analysis.
The role of the parasympathetic nervous system in visually induced motion sickness: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does the use of lapatinib increase the risk of fatigue and hepatic toxicities in  patients with solid tumors? A critical literature review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of intrauterine insemination and assisted reproductive technology in populations serodiscordant for human immunodeficiency virus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Elevated early follicular progesterone levels and in vitro fertilization outcomes: a prospective intervention study and meta-analysis.
Youth varicocele and varicocele treatment: a meta-analysis of semen outcomes.
Associations study of vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms with diabetic microvascular complications: a meta-analysis.
Nucleotide excision repair gene ERCC1 19007T>C polymorphism contributes to lung cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Comprehensive evaluation of the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen-4 gene polymorphisms in risk of bone sarcoma.
Diagnostic significance of serum osteopontin level for pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Test performance of sputum microRNAs for lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between DNA repair genes (XPD and XRCC1) polymorphisms and susceptibility to age-related cataract (ARC): a meta-analysis.
Association between growth hormone therapy and mortality, cancer and cardiovascular risk: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acid-suppressive medications and risk of oesophageal adenocarcinoma in patients with Barrett's oesophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MDM2 promotor polymorphism and disease characteristics in chronic lymphocytic leukemia: results of an individual patient data-based meta-analysis.
Physical activity interventions differentially affect exercise task and barrier self-efficacy: a meta-analysis.
Drug-eluting stents versus coronary artery bypass grafting in diabetic patients with multi-vessel disease: a meta-analysis.
Omega-3 fatty acids for postoperative atrial fibrillation: alone or in combination with antioxidant vitamins?
Effect of Helicobacter pylori eradication on metachronous gastric cancer after endoscopic resection of gastric tumors: a meta-analysis.
Effects of probiotic therapy on hepatic encephalopathy in patients with liver cirrhosis: an updated meta-analysis of six randomized controlled trials.
The application of clinical pathways in laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Enhanced recovery following liver surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interleukin 6 -174G>C polymorphism and cancer risk: meta-analysis reveals a site  dependent differential influence in Ancestral North Indians.
Association of STAT6 variants with asthma risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between human leukocyte antigen-G 14-bp insertion/deletion polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Safety of Toll-like receptor 9 agonists: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: fecal calprotectin for assessment of inflammatory bowel disease activity.
Dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban for extended venous thromboembolism treatment: network meta-analysis.
Dental caries in Arab League countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of sofosbuvir-based therapy for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C in treatment-naïve and treatment-experienced patients.
Protease inhibitors and avascular necrosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of tai chi on depression, anxiety, and psychological well-being: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Leisure-time physical activity and endometrial cancer risk: dose-response meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Effects of cardiac contractility modulation by non-excitatory electrical stimulation on exercise capacity and quality of life: an individual patient's data meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
An evidence-based appraisal of global association between air pollution and risk  of stroke.
Inflammatory bowel disease and risk of cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Birth weight and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
The effect of an essential-oils mouthrinse as compared to a vehicle solution on plaque and gingival inflammation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Circulating adiponectin and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Socioeconomic differences in alcohol-attributable mortality compared with all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The disconnect between evidence and practice: a systematic review of person-centred interventions and training manuals for care home staff working with people with dementia.
Nevirapine versus efavirenz for patients co-infected with HIV and tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of human T-lymphotropic virus type 1 infection among blood donors in mainland China: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of maggot debridement therapy for chronically infected wounds and ulcers.
Declining efficacy in controlled trials of antidepressants: effects of placebo dropout.
The obesity paradox in heart failure patients with preserved versus reduced ejection fraction: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
The importance of being specific--a meta-analysis evaluating the effect of antibiotics in acute otitis media.
Mortality analysis by neighbourhood in a city with high levels of industrial air  pollution.
Prognosis and treatment of intracranial dural arteriovenous fistulae: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials comparing unipolar with bipolar hemiarthroplasty for displaced femoral-neck fractures.
Mental Health First Aid is an effective public health intervention for improving  knowledge, attitudes, and behaviour: a meta-analysis.
Coffee consumption and urologic cancer risk: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Maximizing the donor pool: left versus right laparoscopic live donor nephrectomy--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and acceptability of group cognitive behavioral therapy for depression:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Longitudinal course of cognitive deficits in bipolar disorder: a meta-analytic study.
Efficacy of auriculotherapy for constipation in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diet and psoriasis, part II: celiac disease and role of a gluten-free diet.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials of telmisartan versus active controls for insulin resistance in hypertensive patients.
Common variants in UMOD associate with urinary uromodulin levels: a meta-analysis.
Acceptance and commitment therapy for anxiety and OCD spectrum disorders: an empirical review.
Age at menarche and risk of asthma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
How will DSM-5 affect autism diagnosis? A systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Motivational interviewing with primary care populations: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Sorafenib enhances effects of transarterial chemoembolization for hepatocellular  carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Shenqifuzheng injection combined with chemotherapy in the treatment of advanced gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of Cinobufacini combined with transcatheterarterial chemoembolization in the treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.
Herbal extract elemene intrathoracic injection in the treatment of lung cancer patients with malignant pleural effusion: a meta-anaylsis.
Kanglaite injection combined with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone in the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung carcinoma.
The clinical value of Fufangkushen injection in the treatment of stomach cancer:  a meta-analysis.
Kanglaite injection combined with hepatic arterial intervention for unresectable  hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Fasting plasma glucose and incident heart failure risk: a population-based cohort study and new meta-analysis.
Intra-articular lidocaine versus intravenous analgesia and sedation for manual closed reduction of acute anterior shoulder dislocation: an updated meta-analysis.
Differences in the recurrence and mortality outcomes rates of incidental and nonincidental papillary thyroid microcarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 21 329 person-years of follow-up.
In meta-analyses of proportion studies, funnel plots were found to be an inaccurate method of assessing publication bias.
Evening dosing of antihypertensive therapy to reduce cardiovascular events: a third type of evidence based on a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Diagnostic accuracy of a molecular drug susceptibility testing method for the antituberculosis drug ethambutol: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence of subsequent vertebral body fractures after vertebroplasty.
Neuroprotection with erythropoietin in preterm and/or low birth weight infants.
TNF-α gene promoter polymorphisms contribute to periodontitis susceptibility: evidence from 46 studies.
Efficacy and safety of gabapentin 1800 mg treatment for post-herpetic neuralgia:  a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Predictive value of plasma brain natriuretic peptide for postoperative cardiac complications--a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Correlation of left ventricular systolic dysfunction determined by low ejection fraction and 30-day mortality in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anti-reabsorptive agents in women with osteoporosis: determining statistical equivalence according to evidence-based methods.
Efficacy and safety of local steroids for urethra strictures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Misdiagnosis of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is there a psoriasis skin phenotype associated with psoriatic arthritis? Systematic literature review.
Characteristics of Japanese inflammatory bowel disease susceptibility loci.
Differences in immunohistochemical biomarkers between intra- and extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of patient activation interventions for adults with type 2 diabetes: systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression.
Safety and efficacy of boceprevir/peginterferon/ribavirin for HCV G1 compensated  cirrhotics: meta-analysis of 5 trials.
Effect of recombinant Factor VIIa on outcome of acute variceal bleeding: an individual patient based meta-analysis of two controlled trials.
Effect of uric-acid-lowering therapy on progression of chronic kidney disease: a  meta-analysis.
Association between orthostatic hypotension and cardiovascular risk, cerebrovascular risk, cognitive decline and falls as well as overall mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of radiofrequency catheter ablation on left ventricular structure and function in patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Influence of cardioversion on asymptomatic cerebral lesions following atrial fibrillation ablation.
[Effects of psychosocial interventions on cortisol and immune parameters in patients with cancer: a meta-analysis].
Postoperative chemo-radiotherapy versus chemotherapy for resected gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metabolic syndrome and nephrolithiasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of  the scientific evidence.
Does cervical ripening at term using a high volume foley catheter result in a lower caesarean section rate than a low volume foley catheter? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Computed tomography for the diagnosis of mandibular invasion caused by head and neck cancer: a systematic review comparing contrast-enhanced and plain computed tomography.
Self-efficacy and chronic pain outcomes: a meta-analytic review.
Local infiltration analgesia for postoperative pain after hip arthroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of treatment effects of guided tissue regeneration on infrabony lesions between animal and human studies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surgical management of peri-implantitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of treatment outcomes.
Influence of personality on the outcome of treatment in depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of physical activity interventions on anthropometric outcomes: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the association of transforming growth factor β receptor I 6A/9A gene polymorphism with ovarian cancer risk.
Evidence for minimally invasive therapies in the management of chronic calcific tendinopathy of the rotator cuff: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of screw malposition and vertebral artery injury of C2 pedicle and transarticular screws: meta-analysis and review of the literature.
Predicting cardioembolic stroke with the B-type natriuretic peptide test: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Extended-release naltrexone for alcohol and opioid dependence: a meta-analysis of healthcare utilization studies.
Is microsatellite instability a prognostic marker in gastric cancer? A systematic review with meta-analysis.
Sensitivity of alternative testing for pancreaticobiliary cancer: a 10-y review of the literature.
Risk factors for retained surgical items: a meta-analysis and proposed risk stratification system.
Similar cerebral protective effectiveness of antegrade and retrograde cerebral perfusion combined with deep hypothermia circulatory arrest in aortic arch surgery: a meta-analysis and systematic review of 5060 patients.
Thrombolytic therapy or surgery for valve prosthesis thrombosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of curcumin on rats/mice with diabetic nephropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Xuefuzhuyu decoction for hyperlipidemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trails.
Efficacy and safety of puerarin injection in treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effectiveness and safety of heat-sensitive moxibustion on bronchial asthma: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Efficacy of acupuncture on fibromyalgia syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Color Doppler Imaging Analysis of Retrobulbar Blood Flow Velocities in Diabetic Patients Without or With Retinopathy: A Meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis to compare Dacron versus polytetrafluroethylene grafts for above-knee femoropopliteal artery bypass.
Comparative systematic review and meta-analysis of compression modalities for the promotion of venous ulcer healing and reducing ulcer recurrence.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of surgical interventions versus conservative therapy for venous ulcers.
The impact of antihyperlipidemic drugs on the viral load of patients with chronic hepatitis C infection: a meta-analysis.
Intrinsic and extrinsic risk factors for sagging eyelids.
Cardiac resynchronization therapy in women: US Food and Drug Administration meta-analysis of patient-level data.
Genotype-guided vs clinical dosing of warfarin and its analogues: meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Bullying and weapon carrying: a meta-analysis.
Periarticular multimodal drug injection in total knee arthroplasty.
Global prevalence of norovirus in cases of gastroenteritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Estimates of possible severe bacterial infection in neonates in sub-Saharan Africa, south Asia, and Latin America for 2012: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Addition of gemtuzumab ozogamicin to induction chemotherapy in adult patients with acute myeloid leukaemia: a meta-analysis of individual patient data from randomised controlled trials.
Charged particle therapy versus photon therapy for paranasal sinus and nasal cavity malignant diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vascularized tissue to reduce fistula following salvage total laryngectomy: a systematic review.
Perioperative ketorolac increases post-tonsillectomy hemorrhage in adults but not children.
Methionine synthase reductase A66G polymorphism and leukemia risk: evidence from  published studies.
Afatinib in the treatment of EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC--a network meta-analysis.
Relationship of body mass index with total mortality, cardiovascular mortality, and myocardial infarction after coronary revascularization: evidence from a meta-analysis.
How much evidence does it take? A cumulative meta-analysis of outcomes of simulation-based education.
Dietary fiber intake and risk of renal cell carcinoma: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Association between infection of hepatitis B virus and onset risk of B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Pleiotropic genes for metabolic syndrome and inflammation.
Integrative transcriptome meta-analysis reveals widespread sex-biased gene expression at the human fetal-maternal interface.
Association of metabolically healthy obesity with depressive symptoms: pooled analysis of eight studies.
Functional effects of dopamine transporter gene genotypes on in vivo dopamine transporter functioning: a meta-analysis.
Investigating socio-cognitive processes in deception: a quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
[Epidemiological study and participant-level meta-analysis on ambulatory monitoring and self-measured home blood pressure].
The effect of green tea on blood pressure and lipid profile: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Prevalence of overweight and obesity among children and adolescents of the Indian subcontinent: a meta-analysis.
Acute effects of tea constituents L-theanine, caffeine, and epigallocatechin gallate on cognitive function and mood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prebiotics in healthy infants and children for prevention of acute infectious diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Obesity and mortality: are the risks declining? Evidence from multiple prospective studies in the United States.
Fish or n3-PUFA intake and body composition: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations between sedentary behaviour and physical activity in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Dietary pulses, satiety and food intake: a systematic review and meta-analysis of acute feeding trials.
Respirable quartz dust exposure and airway obstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the adjunctive use of mitomycin C in primary and revision, external and endonasal dacryocystorhinostomy.
Efficacy of orthopedic treatment with protraction facemask on skeletal Class III  malocclusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of one versus two cages in lumbar interbody fusion for degenerative lumbar spinal disease: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of continuous and pulsed ultrasound for the management of knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of utility-based quality of life for osteoporosis-related conditions.
Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography in the diagnosis of pancreas divisum: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of submaximal exercise-based equations to predict maximal oxygen uptake in young people.
Vitamin D receptor (VDR) polymorphisms and severe RSV bronchiolitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maternal obesity in pregnancy, gestational weight gain, and risk of childhood asthma.
The risk of placental abruption and placenta previa in pregnant women with chronic hepatitis B viral infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Unsuccessful treatments of "writer's block": a meta-analysis.
Working memory and second language comprehension and production: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of macrolides in bronchiectasis patients: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Matched-pair comparisons of stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) versus surgery  for the treatment of early stage non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Airborne asbestos exposures associated with gasket and packing replacement: a simulation study and meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase A1298C polymorphism and diabetes risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Oocyte vitrification in the 21st century and post-warming fertility outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle biopsy for the diagnosis of intrathoracic lymph node metastases from extrathoracic malignancies: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Molecular analysis of the rpsL gene for rapid detection of streptomycin-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antibodies and schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder.
Does switching anti-TNFα biologic agents represent an effective option in childhood chronic uveitis: the evidence from a systematic review and meta-analysis approach.
Risk of coronary artery disease in patients with idiopathic inflammatory myopathies: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis in children.
Diastolic left ventricular dysfunction in ankylosing spondylitis--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of HIV prevalence among men in militaries in  low income and middle income countries.
[GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism confer susceptibility to oral cancer:a meta-analysis].
[Diagnostic value of MRI versus 99Tcm-MDP bone scan in osseous metastasis of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Effects of explanation expectancy on text comprehension: an experiment and a meta-analysis].
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and sleep disordered breathing in pediatric populations: a meta-analysis.
Short sleep duration predicts risk of metabolic syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neural bases of antisocial behavior: a voxel-based meta-analysis.
Effect of progressive resistance training on measures of skeletal muscle hypertrophy, muscular strength and health-related quality of life in patients with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive functioning in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for prostate  cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vacuum-assisted closure versus closure without vacuum assistance for preventing surgical site infections and infections of chronic wounds: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Robotic Nissen fundoplication for gastroesophageal reflux disease: a meta-analysis of prospective randomized controlled trials.
Ligation of intersphincteric fistula tract (LIFT) to treat anal fistula: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Botulinum toxin injection versus lateral internal sphincterotomy for chronic anal fissure: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Percutaneous closure versus medical therapy alone for cryptogenic stroke patients with a patent foramen ovale: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of combinational CYP3A5 6986A>G polymorphism in graft liver and native intestine on the pharmacokinetics of tacrolimus in liver transplant patients: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis to assess the quality of international normalized ratio control and associated outcomes in venous thromboembolism patients.
Influence of coronary artery disease-associated genetic variants on risk of venous thromboembolism.
Association between co-stimulatory molecule gene polymorphism and acute rejection of allograft.
Human leukocyte antigen matching in heart transplantation: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Prevalence of Chagas disease in pregnant women and congenital transmission of Trypanosoma cruzi in Brazil: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessing the impact of drinking water and sanitation on diarrhoeal disease in low- and middle-income settings: systematic review and meta-regression.
Prognostic value of CD44 and CD44v6 expression in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: meta-analysis.
The influence of ESR1 rs9340799 and ESR2 rs1256049 polymorphisms on prostate cancer risk.
Interactive effect of glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 polymorphisms on hepatocellular carcinoma.
S-1-based versus 5-FU-based chemotherapy as first-line treatment in advanced gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Aberrant promoter methylation of HIN-1 gene may contribute to the pathogenesis of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of LEP A19G polymorphism with cancer risk: a systematic review and pooled analysis.
Pathological and prognostic significance of hypoxia-inducible factor 1α expression in epithelial ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Comprehensive assessment of the association between XPD rs13181 polymorphism and  lung cancer risk.
Try113His and His139Arg polymorphisms in the microsomal epoxide hydrolase gene are not associated with risk of breast cancer.
Association between the G870A polymorphism of Cyclin D1 gene and glioma risk.
CD243 gene polymorphism significantly associated with breast cancer susceptibility.
The prognostic value of autophagy-related markers beclin-1 and microtubule-associated protein light chain 3B in cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between NQO1 C609T polymorphism and prostate cancer risk.
Quantitative assessment of the diagnostic role of human telomerase activity from  pancreatic juice in pancreatic cancer.
Association between Toll-like receptor 3 polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor gene polymorphism (-634G/C) and breast cancer  risk.
Association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and thyroid cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The role of anti-VEGF agents in the treatment of advanced gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Common variant on MDM2 contributes to endometrial cancer susceptibility: evidence based on 7 studies.
Diagnostic value of serum carbohydrate antigen 19-9 in pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphism of cytosolic serine hydroxymethyltransferase and breast cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Combination of radiofrequency ablation with transarterial chemoembolization for hepatocellular carcinoma: an up-to-date meta-analysis.
Does carbon dioxide pneumoperitoneum enhance wound metastases following laparoscopic abdominal tumor surgery? A meta-analysis of 20 randomized control studies.
[Perioperative anemia management: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Bilirubin nomograms for identification of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia in healthy  term and late-preterm infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing single incision versus conventional laparoscopic appendectomy.
[Randomized controlled trials of acupuncture and moxibustion for post-stroke constipation: a meta analysis].
[A system review of randomized controlled trials on treating chronic stable angina by rhodiola].
[Meta-analysis of leukotriene receptor antagonist montelukast in the treatment of allergic rhinitis].
[A meta-analysis of liver lesions in hepatitis B patients undergoing anti-tuberculosis therapy].
[Prostate health index in predicting the results of prostate biopsy for prostate  cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Effect of preoperative long course radiotherapy on anastomotic leakage after low anterior resection for rectal cancer: a Meta-analysis].
[Comparison of immune response after laparoscopic and open surgery for colorectal carcinoma: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis on the outcomes and potential benefits of hybrid robotic technique in rectal cancer surgery].
[Meta-analysis of long-term outcomes of percutaneous coronary intervention or coronary artery bypass graft surgery in coronary artery disease patients with multi-vessel and/or left main stem disease].
Effects of air pollution on the risk of congenital anomalies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Update on the disease burden and circulating strains of rotavirus in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis assessing adverse event profile and tolerability of nicergoline.
Endovenous ablation (radiofrequency and laser) and foam sclerotherapy versus open surgery for great saphenous vein varices.
Fruit and vegetable consumption and mortality from all causes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer: systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Structural and community-level interventions for increasing condom use to prevent the transmission of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections.
Continuous passive motion for preventing venous thromboembolism after total knee  arthroplasty.
LDL-cholesterol-lowering effect of plant sterols and stanols across different dose ranges: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled studies.
Olive oil consumption and risk of CHD and/or stroke: a meta-analysis of case-control, cohort and intervention studies.
Immediate postabortal insertion of intrauterine devices.
Effect of pharmaconutrition-supplemented parenteral nutrition for severe acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lifetime risk of esophageal adenocarcinoma in patients with Barrett's esophagus.
Is hyperuricemia an independent risk factor for new-onset chronic kidney disease?: A systematic review and meta-analysis based on observational cohort studies.
Appetite stimulants for people with cystic fibrosis.
Effects of obesity on kidney transplantation outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
HIF1A gene Pro582Ser polymorphism and susceptibility to digestive tract cancers:  a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Prostate stem cell antigen rs2294008 (C>T) polymorphism and bladder cancer risk:  a meta-analysis based on cases and controls.
Meta-analysis of the risk of cataract in type 2 diabetes.
Functional polymorphisms in microRNAs and susceptibility to liver cancer: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Catheter-directed thrombolysis in the treatment of acute deep venous thrombosis:  a meta-analysis.
(11)C-PIB-PET for the early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease dementia and other dementias in people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI).
Randomised trials of human albumin for adults with sepsis: systematic review and  meta-analysis with trial sequential analysis of all-cause mortality.
Surgical techniques for uterine incision and uterine closure at the time of caesarean section.
Interventions for replacing missing teeth: different types of dental implants.
Alcohol consumption and risk of atrial fibrillation: a prospective study and dose-response meta-analysis.
Association of trauma exposure with proinflammatory activity: a transdiagnostic meta-analysis.
Effective dosing of L-carnitine in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of Notch signaling pathway in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Oscillating devices for airway clearance in people with cystic fibrosis.
Characteristics and effectiveness of diabetes self-management educational programs targeted to racial/ethnic minority groups: a systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Prognosis and therapy of tumor-related versus non-tumor-related status epilepticus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-acting beta-agonists plus inhaled corticosteroids safety: a systematic review and meta-analysis of non-randomized studies.
Effectiveness of internet-based interventions for children, youth, and young adults with anxiety and/or depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect on cardiovascular risk of high density lipoprotein targeted drug treatments niacin, fibrates, and CETP inhibitors: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials including 117,411 patients.
Air versus saline in the loss of resistance technique for identification of the epidural space.
Meta-analysis of GSTM1 null genotype and lung cancer risk in Asians.
Self-reported testing, HIV status and associated risk behaviours among people who inject drugs in Europe: important differences between East and West.
Inhaled corticosteroids in children with persistent asthma: dose-response effects on growth.
Relationship between bladder cancer and total fluid intake: a meta-analysis of epidemiological evidence.
Meta-analysis of postoperative efficacy in patients receiving chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery for resectable esophageal carcinoma.
Does this adult patient have early HIV infection?: The Rational Clinical Examination systematic review.
Statins reduce all-cause mortality in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of mental stress-induced myocardial ischemia and subsequent cardiac events in patients with coronary artery disease.
Meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials comparing short-term versus long-term dual antiplatelet therapy following drug-eluting stents.
Effects of nurse-managed protocols in the outpatient management of adults with chronic conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the - 786T>C 1polymorphism in the promoter region of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) and risk of coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ear lobe crease as a marker of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Effect of CPAP on blood pressure in patients with obstructive sleep apnea and resistant hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predictors of permanent pacemaker implantation in patients with severe aortic stenosis undergoing TAVR: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of migraine headache and its weight on neurological burden in Africa:  a 43-year systematic review and meta-analysis of community-based studies.
Symptom onset in autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of molecular subtyping in predicting postoperative recurrence in breast-conserving therapy: a 15-study meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of differentially expressed genes in osteosarcoma based on gene expression data.
Effectiveness of probiotics on the duration of illness in healthy children and adults who develop common acute respiratory infectious conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open resection for gastric gastrointestinal stromal tumors: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions to improve hearing aid use in adult auditory rehabilitation.
Association between polymorphism of TGFA Taq I and cleft lip and/or palate: a meta-analysis.
Combination of tocolytic agents for inhibiting preterm labour.
Comparing lumbo-pelvic kinematics in people with and without back pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between alcohol and cardiovascular disease: Mendelian randomisation analysis based on individual participant data.
Fluid and pharmacological agents for adhesion prevention after gynaecological surgery.
Leucocyte telomere length and risk of cardiovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of prone positioning during mechanical ventilation on mortality among patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anticoagulation for the long-term treatment of venous thromboembolism in patients with cancer.
Statins for the treatment of dementia.
Therapeutic benefit of balneotherapy and hydrotherapy in the management of fibromyalgia syndrome: a qualitative systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Fecal lactoferrin in discriminating inflammatory bowel disease from irritable bowel syndrome: a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Interventions to increase influenza vaccination rates of those 60 years and older in the community.
Relationship between RUNX3 methylation and hepatocellular carcinoma in Asian populations: a systematic review.
Endoscopic submucosal dissection vs endoscopic mucosal resection for colorectal tumors: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic vs open approach to resection of hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with known cirrhosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Modes of exercise training for intermittent claudication.
Comparative efficacy of biologics as monotherapy and in combination with methotrexate on patient reported outcomes (PROs) in rheumatoid arthritis patients with an inadequate response to conventional DMARDs--a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Dexmedetomidine for preventing sevoflurane-related emergence agitation in children: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Active management of the third stage of labor with and without controlled cord traction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of optimal initial fraction of oxygen levels  in the delivery room at ≤32 weeks.
Cognitive deficits in youth with familial and clinical high risk to psychosis: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pre-operative indicators for mortality following hip fracture surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Single and dual task tests of gait speed are equivalent in the prediction of falls in older people: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of exercise on the cognitive functioning of healthy older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: magnetic resonance enterography vs. computed tomography enterography for evaluating disease activity in small bowel Crohn's disease.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: the effects of rifaximin in hepatic encephalopathy.
Montelukast for prevention and treatment of asthma exacerbations in adults: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of moxibustion or acupoint therapy for the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea: a meta-analysis.
Plasma nutrient status of patients with Alzheimer's disease: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Consumption of nuts and legumes and risk of incident ischemic heart disease, stroke, and diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis examining the effect of eating rate on energy intake and hunger.
Nut consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nut consumption in relation to cardiovascular disease risk and type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Dietary sugars and cardiometabolic risk: systematic review and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials of the effects on blood pressure and lipids.
Glycemic index, glycemic load, and risk of type 2 diabetes: results from 3 large  US cohorts and an updated meta-analysis.
Reduced risk of lung cancer with metformin therapy in diabetic patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Age at menarche and risks of all-cause and cardiovascular death: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
GSTT1 polymorphism and the risk of developing prostate cancer.
Who is more affected by ozone pollution? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid and blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Increasing prevalence of hypertension among patients with thoracic aorta dissection: trends over eight decades--a structured meta-analysis.
Early change in proteinuria as a surrogate end point for kidney disease progression: an individual patient meta-analysis.
Implantable cardioverter-defibrillators for primary prevention of sudden cardiac  death in CKD: a meta-analysis of patient-level data from 3 randomized trials.
Association of the T102C polymorphism in the HTR2A gene with major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia.
Low-pressure versus standard-pressure pneumoperitoneum for laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinicopathologic comparison of plasmablastic lymphoma in HIV-positive, immunocompetent, and posttransplant patients: single-center series of 25 cases and meta-analysis of 277 reported cases.
The role of severity of obstructive sleep apnea measured by apnea-hypopnea index  in predicting compliance with pressure therapy, a meta-analysis.
Association between mobile phone use and semen quality: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Hemodynamic effect of carvedilol vs. propranolol in cirrhotic patients: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
ABCA1 rs4149313 polymorphism and susceptibility to coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
C9orf72 and UNC13A are shared risk loci for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and frontotemporal dementia: a genome-wide meta-analysis.
Smoking as a risk factor for the radiological severity of rheumatoid arthritis: a study on six cohorts.
The effect of preservation solutions for storage of liver allografts on transplant outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of diabetes mellitus and pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a meta-analysis of 88 studies.
In search of the ideal pulmonary blood source for the Norwood procedure: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Intravenous immunoglobulin in isoimmune haemolytic disease of newborn: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of risk factors for the second hip fracture (SHF) in elderly patients.
Prevalence and prognostic significance of Epstein-Barr virus infection in classical Hodgkin's lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Influence of inspiratory muscle weakness on inspiratory muscle training responses in chronic heart failure patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hand-sewn versus stapler esophagogastric anastomosis after esophageal ressection: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic treatment of post-liver transplantation anastomotic biliary stricture: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopy versus laparotomy in the repair of ventral hernias: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Current evidence of anti-tumor necrosis factor α treatment efficacy in childhood  chronic uveitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis approach of individual drugs.
Effect of methotrexate, anti-tumor necrosis factor α, and rituximab on the immune response to influenza and pneumococcal vaccines in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Increased risk of high grade cervical squamous intraepithelial lesions in systemic lupus erythematosus: A meta-analysis of the literature.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for hypochondriasis/health anxiety: a meta-analysis  of treatment outcome and moderators.
The prognostic value of CD44 expression in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between cytosolic serine hydroxymethyltransferase (SHMT1) gene polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of cold coagulation as a treatment method for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia: a systematic review.
Von Willebrand factor and ADAMTS13 in arterial thrombosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between use of antiepileptic drugs and fracture risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dexamethasone and haemorrhage risk in paediatric tonsillectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is hip strength a risk factor for patellofemoral pain? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the efficacy and tolerability of the augmentation of antidepressants with atypical antipsychotics in patients with major depressive disorder.
Sex differences in cardiac rehabilitation enrollment: a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphisms and skin cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trial assessing the effect of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in advanced gastric cancer.
Clinical outcomes of biodegradable polymer drug-eluting stents for percutaneous coronary intervention: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lack of efficacy of drug therapy in preventing takotsubo cardiomyopathy recurrence: a meta-analysis.
The association between plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1) levels, PAI-1 4G/5G polymorphism, and myocardial infarction: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracies of sialography and salivary ultrasonography in Sjögren's syndrome patients: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of IgE-binding allergen epitopes.
Rotating-platform TKA no different from fixed-bearing TKA regarding survivorship  or performance: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence and risk factors of postpartum posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
ADHD and personality: a meta-analytic review.
Enduring effects of evidence-based psychotherapies in acute depression and anxiety disorders versus treatment as usual at follow-up--a longitudinal meta-analysis.
Intermittent levosimendan improves mid-term survival in chronic heart failure patients: meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Efficacy of intrapleural instillation of fibrinolytics for treating pleural empyema and parapneumonic effusion: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors versus tricyclic antidepressants in young patients: a meta-analysis of efficacy and acceptability.
Papillary thyroid cancer: strategies for optimal individualized surgical management.
Association of MTHFR C677T polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk in Asians: evidence of 12,255 subjects.
Corticosteroids for dengue infection.
Task shifting from doctors to non-doctors for initiation and maintenance of antiretroviral therapy.
The prevalence of suicidal ideation among the elderly in China: a meta-analysis of 11 cross-sectional studies.
Topical cyclosporine A in the treatment of dry eye: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Chlorhexidine-impregnated dressing for prevention of catheter-related bloodstream infection: a meta-analysis*.
Efficacy and tolerability of latanoprost compared with timolol in the treatment of patients with chronic angle-closure glaucoma.
Adoptive cellular immunotherapy for the treatment of patients with breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Multiple nonglycemic genomic loci are newly associated with blood level of glycated hemoglobin in East Asians.
Association of iron indices and type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Breast-feeding and maternal risk of type 2 diabetes: a prospective study and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between a functional polymorphism (rs1800796) in the interleukin-6 gene promoter and lung cancer.
Stapled side-to-side anastomosis might be better than handsewn end-to-end anastomosis in ileocolic resection for Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic yield of endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography-based cytology for distinguishing malignant and benign intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm:  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Propofol versus traditional sedative agents for advanced endoscopic procedures: a meta-analysis.
Role of CDH1 promoter methylation in colorectal carcinogenesis: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between serum VEGF level and radiosensitivity of patients with nonsmall cell lung cancer among asians: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms in the IL-18 gene and ulcerative colitis risk: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of transesophageal echocardiogram for the detection of patent foramen ovale: a meta-analysis.
Epidemiology, clinical manifestations, and outcomes of Streptococcus suis infection in humans.
5-Fr vs. 3-Fr pancreatic stents for the prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis in high-risk patients: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Tetrachloroethylene exposure and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis of dry-cleaning-worker studies.
Water distribution system deficiencies and gastrointestinal illness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prenatal exposure to DDE and PCB 153 and respiratory health in early childhood: a meta-analysis.
Association between MDR1 C3435T polymorphism and refractory epilepsy in the Chinese population: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is desvenlafaxine effective and safe in the treatment of menopausal vasomotor symptoms? A meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized double-blind controlled studies.
Antihypertensive efficacy of angiotensin receptor blockers as monotherapy as evaluated by ambulatory blood pressure monitoring: a meta-analysis.
Non-invasive endothelial function testing and the risk of adverse outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Light exposure at night, sleep duration, melatonin, and breast cancer: a dose-response analysis of observational studies.
Segmentectomy or lobectomy for early stage lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Epidemiological evidence that physical activity is not a risk factor for ALS.
Serum antibodies to microbial antigens for Crohn's disease progression: a meta-analysis.
Effects of exercise training on depression in patients with heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk of major bleeding and the standard doses of dabigatran.
Association of moyamoya disease with thyroid autoantibodies and thyroid function: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
The microtubule associated protein tau H1 haplotype and risk of essential tremor.
Augmentation procedures using bone substitute materials or autogenous bone - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The fate of marginal bone around axial vs. tilted implants: a systematic review.
Adjacent segment degeneration and disease after lumbar fusion compared with motion-preserving procedures: a meta-analysis.
Usefulness of F-18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography to confirm suspected pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Indocyanine green fluorescence-guided sentinel node biopsy: a meta-analysis on detection rate and diagnostic performance.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of direct versus indirect angiosomal revascularisation of infrapopliteal arteries.
Chlorpromazine versus every other antipsychotic for schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis challenging the dogma of equal efficacy of antipsychotic drugs.
Geographic variation in efficacy of atypical antipsychotics for the acute treatment of schizophrenia - an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Perforation rate in CT colonography: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Job strain and COPD exacerbations: an individual-participant meta-analysis.
Adjuvant chemotherapy for invasive bladder cancer: a 2013 updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Risk of serious opportunistic infections after solid organ transplantation: interleukin-2 receptor antagonists versus polyclonal antibodies. A meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of the Amsler grid and the preferential hyperacuity perimetry in the screening of patients with age-related macular degeneration: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of femoral derotation osteotomy on transverse plane hip and pelvic kinematics in children with cerebral palsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fas -670A/G (rs1800682) polymorphism and digestive cancer risk in Asians: a meta-analysis.
Cx37 C1019T polymorphism may contribute to the pathogenesis of coronary heart disease.
Radiotherapy with concurrent cisplatin-based doublet or weekly cisplatin for cervical cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of Human Papillomavirus in endometrial cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effective behavior change techniques in asthma self-care interventions: systematic review and meta-regression.
Association between serum uric acid and atrial fibrillation: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of SOX2 in digestive tumors: a meta-analysis.
Thoracic epidural analgesia (TEA) vs. patient controlled analgesia (PCA) in laparoscopic colectomy: a meta-analysis.
Connectivity of the subthalamic nucleus and globus pallidus pars interna to regions within the speech network: a meta-analytic connectivity study.
Functional neuroimaging of motor control in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Association of two polymorphisms rs2910164 in miRNA-146a and rs3746444 in miRNA-499 with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Endometrial thickness and pregnancy rates after IVF: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Celiac disease and reproductive disorders: meta-analysis of epidemiologic associations and potential pathogenic mechanisms.
The predictive accuracy of anti-Müllerian hormone for live birth after assisted conception: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Prevalence and invasiveness of community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus: a meta-analysis.
Mode of delivery and risk of inflammatory bowel disease in the offspring: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Pharmacokinetics of adalimumab in inflammatory bowel diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of endoscopic versus conventional open radial artery harvesting for coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Lack of association between occupational exposure to diesel exhaust and risk of pancreatic cancer: a systematic evaluation of available data.
The impact of CDA A79C gene polymorphisms on the response and hematologic toxicity in gemcitabine-treated patients: a meta-analysis.
Is HPV DNA testing specificity comparable to that of cytological testing in primary cervical cancer screening? Results of a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Consumption of omega-3 fatty acids and the risk of skin cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol intake and risk of stroke: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Fibroblast growth factor 23 and risk of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Is off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting superior to drug-eluting stents for the treatment of coronary artery disease? A meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of incidence and correlates of recurrence of  takotsubo cardiomyopathy.
Exercise training for chronic heart failure (ExTraMATCH II): protocol for an individual participant data meta-analysis.
Factors associated with progression of coronary artery disease measured by intravascular ultrasound: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis pooling survival curves in randomized controlled trials and propensity-score matched studies of endovascular versus open abdominal aortic aneurysm repair.
Interventions to reduce the number of falls among older adults with/without cognitive impairment: an exploratory meta-analysis.
Overexpression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1α is a predictor of poor prognosis in cervical cancer: a clinicopathologic study and a meta-analysis.
Interleukin 1β and interleukin 1 receptor antagonist gene polymorphisms and cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between APOE epsilon 4 allele and postoperative cognitive dysfunction: a meta-analysis.
Lacunar stroke, deep white matter disease and depression: a meta-analysis.
The p.R229Q variant of the NPHS2 (podocin) gene in focal segmental glomerulosclerosis and steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Association between tidal volume size, duration of ventilation, and sedation needs in patients without acute respiratory distress syndrome: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Prevalence of suicide attempters in emergency departments in Japan: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Safety risks for patients with aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease after acute exposure to selective nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and COX-2 inhibitors: Meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of acupuncture use in the treatment of cognitive impairment after stroke.
The prevalence, incidence, progression, and risks of aortic valve sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of advance care planning: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of antibiotic stewardship programmes on Clostridium difficile incidence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of differences in IQ profiles between individuals with Asperger's disorder and high-functioning autism.
The effect of dry needling for myofascial trigger points in the neck and shoulders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between LEPR Q223R polymorphisms and cancer susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Association of LEPR K109R polymorphisms with cancer risk: a systematic review and pooled analysis.
Association between apolipoprotein E genotype and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of serum lactate dehydrogenase level in osteosarcoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effects of beta blocker on survival time in cancer patients.
A systematic review of the epidemiological literature on the risk of urological cancers in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Can medications be safely withdrawn in patients with stable chronic heart failure? systematic review and meta-analysis.
Optimal duration of dual antiplatelet therapy after drug-eluting stent implantation: a meta-analysis of 3 randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of molecular imaging of serotonin transporters in major depression.
Review: the impacts of circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels on cancer patient outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Peppermint oil for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry for identification of clinical pathogenic fungi: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of long-acting non-ergot dopamine agonists in Parkinson's disease.
The effect of the thermal diode laser (wavelength 808-980 nm) in non-surgical periodontal therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and 5-HT₃ serotonin receptor antagonists as  innovative antipsychotic augmentation treatments for schizophrenia.
A meta-analysis of computerized cognitive-behavioral therapy for the treatment of DSM-5 anxiety disorders.
Specific and nonspecific psychological interventions for PTSD symptoms: a meta-analysis with problem complexity as a moderator.
Adalimumab versus infliximab for the treatment of moderate to severe ulcerative colitis in adult patients naïve to anti-TNF therapy: an indirect treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Global Burden of Severe Tooth Loss: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
The risk of developing a second primary cancer in melanoma patients: a comprehensive review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Effects of lipids and lipoproteins on diabetic foot in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Relations of different types of numerical magnitude representations to each other and to mathematics achievement.
Antibiotic prophylaxis in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for preventing recurrent cellulitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Traditional Chinese medicinal herbs combined with epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence and trends of dementia in Korea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open reduction of intussusception in children: a retrospective review and meta-analysis.
Breastfeeding and the risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of MDR1 gene C3435T polymorphism with childhood intractable epilepsy: a meta-analysis.
The effects of ursodeoxycholic acid treatment for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes: a meta-analysis including non-randomized studies.
Efficacy of kidney-tonifying traditional Chinese medicine prescriptions in hypoplastic uterus treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of usual treatment versus psychosocial interventions in the treatment of myofascial temporomandibular disorder pain.
The effect of oral appliances that advanced the mandible forward and limited mouth opening in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Hypotonic versus isotonic fluids in hospitalized children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evaluation of the medication process in pediatric patients: a meta-analysis.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for irritable bowel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
One versus two venous anastomoses in microsurgical free flaps: a meta-analysis.
The effect of statins on erectile dysfunction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Lumbar fusion versus nonoperative management for treatment of discogenic low back pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cognition and mood in perimenopause: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of the efficacy of thrombolytic therapy on the mortality of patients with  acute submassive pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of new oral anticoagulants in patients with cancer-associated acute venous thromboembolism.
Central venous catheter-related thrombosis and thromboprophylaxis in children: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of low molecular weight heparin on survival in cancer patients: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Cangrelor for patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: evidence from a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Preventing 30-day hospital readmissions: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Diagnostic performance of random urine samples using albumin concentration vs ratio of albumin to creatinine for microalbuminuria screening in patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-biologic remission maintenance therapy in adult patients with ANCA-associated vasculitis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Meat consumption and colorectal cancer risk: an evaluation based on a systematic  review of epidemiologic evidence among the Japanese population.
Combined estrogen replacement therapy on metabolic control in postmenopausal women with diabetes mellitus.
Single-dose intra-articular bupivacaine after knee arthroscopic surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled studies.
Vitamin D supplementation and falls: a trial sequential meta-analysis.
Drugs plus ligation to prevent rebleeding in cirrhosis: an updated systematic review.
Efficacy of epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors versus chemotherapy as second-line treatment in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer with wild-type EGFR: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
A model-based meta-analysis of monoclonal antibody pharmacokinetics to guide optimal first-in-human study design.
Treatment discontinuations with new oral agents for long-term anticoagulation: insights from a meta-analysis of 18 randomized trials including 101,801 patients.
Debriefing for technology-enhanced simulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Characteristic and clinical relevance of Candida mannan test in the diagnosis of  probable invasive candidiasis.
The effect of Mediterranean diet on the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus:  a meta-analysis of 10 prospective studies and 136,846 participants.
The methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T polymorphism and tumor risk: evidence from 134 case-control studies.
Association between cyclooxygenase-2 gene polymorphisms and risk of periodontitis: a meta-analysis involving 5653 individuals.
Prevalence and risk of viral infection in patients with acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Correlations of SELE and SELP genetic polymorphisms with myocardial infarction risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Polymorphisms of pentanucleotide repeats (tttta)n in the promoter of CYP11A1 and  their relationships to polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) risk: a meta-analysis.
Role of p16 gene promoter methylation in gastric carcinogenesis: a meta-analysis.
Associations between tumor necrosis factor alpha gene polymorphism and sarcoidosis: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms in VDR, ESR1 and ESR2 genes may contribute to susceptibility to Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Relationships of LDLR genetic polymorphisms with cerebral infarction: a meta-analysis.
GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism is associated with lung cancer risk among Asian population and smokers: an updated meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of somatic mutations from next generation sequencing of 241 melanomas: a road map for the study of genes with potential clinical relevance.
Decreased peripheral brain-derived neurotrophic factor levels are a biomarker of  disease activity in major psychiatric disorders: a comparative meta-analysis.
BDNF Val66Met polymorphism in primary adult-onset dystonia: a case-control study  and meta-analysis.
Cytokine imbalance in irritable bowel syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Quantitative analysis of dietary protein intake and stroke risk.
Motor skill acquisition across short and long time scales: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging data.
Triple therapy for hepatitis C improves viral response but also increases the risk of severe infections and anaemia: a frequentist meta-analysis approach.
18F-FDG PET or PET/CT for detecting extensive disease in small-cell lung cancer:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors and heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Putting the diabetes risk due to statins in perspective: a re-evaluation using the complementary outcome.
Fruit and vegetable intake and risk of wheezing and asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary educational interventions for management of hyperphosphatemia in hemodialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of non-surgical weight loss interventions on urinary incontinence in overweight women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Duodenal switch versus Roux-en-Y gastric bypass for morbid obesity: systematic review and meta-analysis of weight results, diabetes resolution and early complications in single-centre comparisons.
Effect of behavioural techniques and delivery mode on effectiveness of weight management: systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Influence of shift work on early reproductive outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reducing postoperative pain after tubal ligation with rings or clips: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Placental transfusion strategies in very preterm neonates: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Epithelium-off photochemical corneal collagen cross-linkage using riboflavin and  ultraviolet a for keratoconus and keratectasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between LUM rs3759223 polymorphism and high myopia.
Endolymphatic sac surgery for Ménière's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maternal alcohol consumption during pregnancy and the risk of orofacial clefts in infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pain is associated with recurrent falls in community-dwelling older adults: evidence from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence-based value of prophylactic intraperitoneal drainage following pancreatic resection: a meta-analysis.
Association between pulmonary ureaplasma colonization and bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants: updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of Saccharomyces boulardii for acute diarrhea.
Recurrence rates after intussusception enema reduction: a meta-analysis.
Gross motor deficits in children prenatally exposed to alcohol: a meta-analysis.
Association between calcium channel blockers and breast cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
The long-term efficacy and safety of DPP-IV inhibitors monotherapy and in combination with metformin in 18,980 patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus--a meta-analysis.
COMT gene and risk for Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
FOLFOX 4 combined with herbal medicine for advanced colorectal cancer: a systematic review.
Effectiveness and safety of negative-pressure wound therapy for diabetic foot ulcers: a meta-analysis.
Integrative genomics reveals novel molecular pathways and gene networks for coronary artery disease.
A loss of function screen of identified genome-wide association study Loci reveals new genes controlling hematopoiesis.
Genome wide association identifies common variants at the SERPINA6/SERPINA1 locus influencing plasma cortisol and corticosteroid binding globulin.
Low-dose aspirin for prevention of adverse outcomes related to abnormal placentation.
Telehealth interventions for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Motivational interventions in the management of HbA1c levels: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) A1298C gene polymorphism and type 2 diabetic nephropathy risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphisms with end-stage renal disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serum levels of malondialdehyde, vitamin C and E in idiopathic nephrotic syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacist services provided in general practice clinics: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Continuous positive airway pressure is associated with a decrease in pulmonary artery pressure in patients with obstructive sleep apnoea: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of vasopressin during cardio-pulmonary resuscitation in adult patients:  a meta-analysis.
The HbA1c and all-cause mortality relationship in patients with type 2 diabetes is J-shaped: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
What drives the comparative effectiveness of biologics vs. methotrexate in rheumatoid arthritis? Meta-regression and graphical inspection of suspected clinical factors.
Neurological adverse events related to lip biopsy in patients suspicious for Sjögren's syndrome: a systematic review and prevalence meta-analysis.
Cesarean delivery and risk of inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Toward an evidence-based step-up approach in diagnosing diverticulitis.
Risk factors of severe hand, foot and mouth disease: a meta-analysis.
Parental communication and psychosis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of cognitive deficits in ultra-high risk to psychosis and first-episode psychosis: do the cognitive deficits progress over, or after, the onset of psychosis?
Effects of low-volume high-intensity interval training (HIT) on fitness in adults: a meta-analysis of controlled and non-controlled trials.
Is more better? Using metadata to explore dose-response relationships in stroke rehabilitation.
The diagnostic role of a short screening tool--the distress thermometer: a meta-analysis.
Inferior vena cava filters and postoperative outcomes in patients undergoing bariatric surgery: a meta-analysis.
Anemia, iron and vitamin B12 deficiencies after sleeve gastrectomy compared to Roux-en-Y gastric bypass: a meta-analysis.
Pancreaticodigestive anastomosis and the postoperative management strategies to prevent postoperative pancreatic fistula formation after pancreaticoduodenectomy.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the clinicopathologic characteristics of cystic versus solid pancreatic neuroendocrine neoplasms.
Epidemiological time series studies of PM2.5 and daily mortality and hospital admissions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of inherited thrombophilia in patients with isolated pulmonary embolism: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of the literature.
Recombinant tissue plasminogen activator for hemodynamically stable patients experiencing an acute pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
Workplace bullying and subsequent health problems.
The effects of lysine analogs during pelvic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Correlations of IFN-γ genetic polymorphisms with susceptibility to breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
N-acetyltransferase 2 status and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between the SULT1A1 Arg213His polymorphism and the risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
The polymorphism interleukin-8 -251A/T is associated with a significantly increased risk of cancers from a meta-analysis.
Association of periodontal disease with oral cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of endothelia nitric oxide synthase gene rs1799983 polymorphism with  susceptibility to prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Relationships of FOXE1 and ATM genetic polymorphisms with papillary thyroid carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
LDH5 overexpression is associated with poor survival in patients with solid tumors: a meta-analysis.
Cyclin D1 (CCND1) G870A polymorphisms and cervical cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on ten case-control studies.
The significant diagnostic value of human telomerase RNA component (hTERC) gene detection in high-grade cervical lesions and invasive cancer.
PLCE1 rs2274223 polymorphism contributes to risk of esophageal cancer: evidence based on a meta-analysis.
Obesity and the risk of cholangiocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Abnormal FHIT protein expression may be correlated with poor prognosis in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Aberrant promoter methylation of the vimentin gene may contribute to colorectal carcinogenesis: a meta-analysis.
CD 152 gene polymorphisms and risk of osteosarcoma in Chinese population.
The association between the GSTP1 A313G and GSTM1 null/present polymorphisms and  the treatment response of the platinum-based chemotherapy in non-small cell lung  cancer (NSCLC) patients: a meta-analysis.
Thyroid imaging reporting and data system (TI-RADS) in the diagnostic value of thyroid nodules: a systematic review.
Relationships between PTEN gene mutations and prognosis in glioma: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of APE1 rs1130409 can contribute to the risk of lung cancer.
Role of EZH2 protein expression in gastric carcinogenesis among Asians: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between L769L and S836S polymorphisms  at RET gene and medullary thyroid carcinoma risk.
The impact of smoking on survival in renal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between IRS-1 Gly972Arg polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk.
XPA gene rs1800975 single nucleotide polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis on association between angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism and cancer risk.
GSTM1 polymorphism and lung cancer risk among East Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
Genetic variants of NQO1 gene increase bladder cancer risk in Indian population and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between interferon gamma +874 T/A polymorphism and cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of circulating microRNA-21 in cancers: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of contrast-enhanced ultrasound for renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
XPD Lys751Gln polymorphism is not associated with oral cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
GSTM1 null polymorphisms is associated with laryngeal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between miR-196a2 rs11614913 polymorphism and cancer risk: evidence based on 45,816 subjects.
Real-time elastography in the diagnosis of patients suspected of having prostate  cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prenatal identification of invasive placentation using magnetic resonance imaging: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical effectiveness of gene therapy on critical limb ischemia: a meta-analysis of 5 randomized controlled clinical trials.
BDNF blood levels after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with mood disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prevalence of the ponticulus posticus (arcuate foramen) and its importance in the Goel-Harms procedure: meta-analysis and review of the literature.
Nonsilver treatment vs. silver sulfadiazine in treatment of partial-thickness burn wounds in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Dan'e-fukang soft extract for dysmenorrhea: a meta-analysis].
[PTPN22 1858C/T polymorphism is associated with rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility in Caucasian population: a meta-analysis].
[Selective COX-2 inhibitor versus nonselective COX-1 and COX-2 inhibitor in the prevention of heterotopic ossification after total hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomised trials].
[Auricular acupuncture for primary insomnia: a systematic review based on GRADE system].
[Meta-analysis of correlations between frequency of natural killer cells and chronic hepatitis B in a Chinese population].
[Risk factors for delayed gastric emptying after gastrectomy: a meta analysis].
[Macular thickness in unilateral amblyopia as measured by optical coherence tomography: a meta analysis].
Comparison of the long-term effects of high-fat v. low-fat diet consumption on cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with abnormal glucose metabolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of turmeric in the treatment of digestive disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
Roles of Tregs in development of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Association between obesity-related adipokines and colorectal cancer: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy regimens for advanced pancreatic cancer: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene A1298C polymorphism and susceptibility to recurrent pregnancy loss: a meta-analysis.
Insulin and risk of diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: data from a meta-analysis of seven cohort studies.
Significant association between TAP2 polymorphisms and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of PvuII, XbaI variants in ESR1 gene and the risk of Alzheimer's disease: the regional European difference.
Association between the TP53 codon 72 polymorphism and risk of oral squamous cell carcinoma in Asians: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of microRNA-221/222 expression in cancers: evidence from  1,204 subjects.
Clinicopathological and prognostic value of S100A4 expression in gastric cancer:  a meta-analysis.
Decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate and subsequent risk of end-stage  renal disease and mortality.
Comparative safety of anti-epileptic drugs among infants and children exposed in  utero or during breastfeeding: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Epidemiologic studies of modifiable factors associated with cognition and dementia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does off-pump coronary revascularization confer superior organ protection in re-operative coronary artery surgery? A meta-analysis of observational studies.
Revascularisation versus medical treatment in patients with stable coronary artery disease: network meta-analysis.
Effect of radiotherapy after mastectomy and axillary surgery on 10-year recurrence and 20-year breast cancer mortality: meta-analysis of individual patient data for 8135 women in 22 randomised trials.
Interferon-associated retinopathy risk in patients with diabetes and hypertensive hepatitis C.
[Value of immunohistochemical staining with mutation-specific antibodies in detecting EGFR mutations: a meta-analysis].
A meta-analysis of risk factors for depression in adults and children after natural disasters.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 null genotype meta-analysis on gastric cancer risk.
XPC Lys939Gln polymorphism contributes to colorectal cancer susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Thrombolysis for pulmonary embolism and risk of all-cause mortality, major bleeding, and intracranial hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
ALDH1A1 expression correlates with clinicopathologic features and poor prognosis  of breast cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment outcomes from community-based drug resistant tuberculosis treatment programs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and mortality: meta-analysis of individual participant data from a large consortium of cohort studies from Europe and the United States.
Impact of patient navigation on timely cancer care: the Patient Navigation Research Program.
Efficacy and safety of flurbiprofen axetil in the prevention of pain on propofol  injection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vaccines are not associated with autism: an evidence-based meta-analysis of case-control and cohort studies.
Association between IRF5 polymorphisms and autoimmune diseases: a meta-analysis.
Television viewing and time spent sedentary in relation to cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Suicide mortality in relation to dietary intake of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and fish: equivocal findings from 3 large US cohort studies.
Meta-analysis of loci associated with age at natural menopause in African-American women.
Angiographic success and procedural complications in patients undergoing retrograde percutaneous coronary chronic total occlusion interventions: a weighted meta-analysis of 3,482 patients from 26 studies.
Effect of B-type natriuretic peptide-guided treatment of chronic heart failure on total mortality and hospitalization: an individual patient meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and kidney transplant outcomes: a protocol for a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Placement of prophylactic pancreatic stents to prevent post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis in high-risk patients: a meta-analysis.
Does hyoscine butylbromide really improve polyp detection during colonoscopy? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis of cognitive-behavioural therapy for social anxiety disorder in psychosis.
Sentinel lymph node biopsy in vulval cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP-9) in osteosarcoma: review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of osteopontin for malignant pleural mesothelioma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of labour induction and risk of cesarean delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Presence and progression of white matter hyperintensities and cognition: a meta-analysis.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on the level of circulating high-sensitivity  C-reactive protein: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of CYP1B1 L432V polymorphism with urinary cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes as a risk factor for stroke in women compared with men: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 64 cohorts, including 775,385 individuals and 12,539  strokes.
Toll-like receptor 4 polymorphisms to determine acute pancreatitis susceptibility and severity: a meta-analysis.
Association of interferon regulatory factor 4 gene polymorphisms rs12203592 and rs872071 with skin cancer and haematological malignancies susceptibility: a meta-analysis of 19 case-control studies.
Attributable fraction of tobacco smoking on cancer using population-based nationwide cancer incidence and mortality data in Korea.
The association of 9p21-3 locus with coronary atherosclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dabigatran etexilate and risk of myocardial infarction, other cardiovascular events, major bleeding, and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Integrating meta-analysis of microarray data and targeted proteomics for biomarker identification: application in breast cancer.
Vitamin D status and the risk of multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do bisphosphonates affect bone healing? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled  trials.
Transitional care interventions to prevent readmissions for persons with heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between OGG1 Ser326Cys and APEX1 Asp148Glu polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Genetic variants at chromosome 9p21 and risk of first versus subsequent coronary  heart disease events: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Arsenic in drinking water and urinary tract cancers: a systematic review of 30 years of epidemiological evidence.
The effectiveness of electronic screening and brief intervention for reducing levels of alcohol consumption: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance angiography for the preoperative evaluation  of hepatic vascular anatomy in living liver donors: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of drug-eluting versus bare metal stents in patients with indications for oral anticoagulation undergoing coronary stenting.
Aging and DNA damage in humans: a meta‐analysis study.
Efficacy and safety of mirodenafil for patients with erectile dysfunction: a meta-analysis of three multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled  clinical trials.
A meta-analysis on the diagnostic performance of (18)F-FDG and (11)C-methionine PET for differentiating brain tumors.
A meta-analysis of topiramate's effects for individuals with alcohol use disorders.
Systematic review with network meta-analysis: the efficacy of anti-TNF agents for the treatment of Crohn's disease.
Job strain and the risk of severe asthma exacerbations: a meta-analysis of individual-participant data from 100 000 European men and women.
Risk of atrial fibrillation with use of oral and intravenous bisphosphonates.
Risk of stroke in patients with high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity to adenosine diphosphate after percutaneous coronary intervention.
Meta-analysis of the cardiovascular outcomes with dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitors: validation of the current FDA mandate.
Helminth infections and micronutrients in school-age children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Palm oil and blood lipid-related markers of cardiovascular disease: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of dietary intervention trials.
Effect of resveratrol on glucose control and insulin sensitivity: a meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials.
Rash to the mTOR inhibitor everolimus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Compression-only cardiopulmonary resuscitation vs standard cardiopulmonary resuscitation: an updated meta-analysis of observational studies.
Risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors with or without concurrent nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory use: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The synergistic effects of alcohol and tobacco consumption on the risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
FibroTest/Fibrosure for significant liver fibrosis and cirrhosis in chronic hepatitis B: a meta-analysis.
How common are myeloproliferative neoplasms? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of hemodiafiltration or hemofiltration compared with hemodialysis on mortality and cardiovascular disease in chronic kidney failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Convective versus diffusive dialysis therapies for chronic kidney failure: an updated systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Socioeconomic status and bullying: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of sublay versus onlay mesh repair in incisional hernia surgery.
Effect of using a safety checklist on patient complications after surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Yoga for asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Depression treatment enhances adherence to antiretroviral therapy: a meta-analysis.
18F-FDG PET predicts pathological response to preoperative chemoradiotherapy in patients with primary rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of bariatric surgery on hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Impact of health literacy on medication adherence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The global burden of occupationally related low back pain: estimates from the Global Burden of Disease 2010 study.
Primary Sjogren's syndrome and malignancy risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the effects of resident duty hour restrictions in surgery: impact on resident wellness, training, and patient outcomes.
The comparison of self-gripping mesh and sutured mesh in open inguinal hernia repair: the results of meta-analysis.
Impact of epidural analgesia on mortality and morbidity after surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Minimally invasive direct coronary artery bypass graft surgery or percutaneous coronary intervention for proximal left anterior descending artery stenosis: a meta-analysis.
Association between fragile X premutation and premature ovarian failure: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Effects of probiotics for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis in adult women: a  meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Influence of ABO blood group and Rhesus factor on breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 9665 breast cancer patients and 244,768 controls.
Fruit and vegetable intake and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Role of octreotide in post chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy diarrhea: prophylaxis or therapy?
Impulsivity in remitted depression: a meta-analytical review.
Meta analysis of XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and lung cancer susceptibility of populations in East Asia.
Effect of continuous positive airway pressure on lipid profile in patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of imitation abilities in individuals with autism spectrum disorders.
Risk of venous and arterial thrombosis according to type of antiphospholipid antibodies in adults without systemic lupus erythematosus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relationship between selenium levels and breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between serum level of magnesium and postmenopausal osteoporosis: a meta-analysis.
Nonpharmacologic approaches for pain management during labor compared with usual  care: a meta-analysis.
Effects of gum chewing on postoperative bowel motility after caesarean section: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Chewing gum in preventing postoperative ileus in women undergoing caesarean section: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Malleability of weight-biased attitudes and beliefs: a meta-analysis of weight bias reduction interventions.
Coffee consumption and risk of fractures: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Opioid-induced hyperalgesia in patients after surgery: a systematic review and a  meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of intraoperative α₂-adrenergic agonists on postoperative behaviour in children.
Incidence and relative risk of hepatic toxicity in patients treated with anti-angiogenic tyrosine kinase inhibitors for malignancy.
A meta-analysis of adult-rated child personality and academic performance in primary education.
Comparison of therapeutic effects between selective amygdalohippocampectomy and anterior temporal lobectomy for the treatment of temporal lobe epilepsy: a meta-analysis.
Outcome of elderly patients undergoing intracranial meningioma resection--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of exercise interventions to prevent sports injuries: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Physical exercise and executive functions in preadolescent children, adolescents  and young adults: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of trainee- versus expert surgeon-performed colorectal resection.
Platelet-rich plasma in the conservative treatment of painful tendinopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled studies.
Neural correlates of viewing paintings: evidence from a quantitative meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging data.
Low-intensity pulsed ultrasonography versus electrical stimulation for fracture healing: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Adherence influencing factors in patients taking oral anticancer agents: a systematic review.
Safety and efficacy of addition of VEGFR and EGFR-family oral small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors to cytotoxic chemotherapy in solid cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of biological agents in metastatic triple-negative breast cancer.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogues for the prevention of chemotherapy-induced premature ovarian failure in cancer women: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The efficacy of glucocorticoids for the prevention of atrial fibrillation, or length of intensive care unite or hospital stay after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Use of inhaled corticosteroids in patients with COPD and the risk of TB and influenza: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Chest CT scan screening for lung cancer in asbestos occupational exposure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Active and passive smoking with breast cancer risk for Chinese females: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study of plasma N6 polyunsaturated fatty acids within the cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology consortium.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in casein kinase II (CSNK2A2) to be associated with leukocyte telomere length in a Punjabi Sikh diabetic cohort.
Meta-analysis: diagnostic accuracy of anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide 2 antibody and anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide 3 antibody in rheumatoid arthritis.
Capecitabine plus irinotecan versus 5-FU/leucovorin plus irinotecan in the treatment of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of 25 (OH) D replacements in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism (PHPT) and coexistent vitamin D deficiency on serum 25(OH) D, calcium and PTH levels: a meta-analysis and review of literature.
Association of the 389 C/T polymorphism of the catalase gene with susceptibility  to vitiligo: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of spleen stiffness measurement in detection of esophageal varices in patients with chronic liver disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Biologic therapies in rheumatoid arthritis and the risk of opportunistic infections: a meta-analysis.
Is the interleukin 8 promoter polymorphism rs4073/-251T >A associated with Clostridium difficile infection?
Overview and recent trends of systematic reviews and meta-analyses in hepatology.
Meta-analysis of the endogenous N200 latency event-related potential subcomponent in patients with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Multimodal interventions including nutrition in the prevention and management of  disease-related malnutrition in adults: a systematic review of randomised control trials.
Association between zinc intake and risk of digestive tract cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials investigating the effects of curcumin on blood lipid levels.
The Triple P-Positive Parenting Program: a systematic review and meta-analysis of a multi-level system of parenting support.
A meta-analytic review of psychodynamic therapies for anxiety disorders.
Correlates of suicide attempts among self-injurers: a meta-analysis.
Association between TLR2, MTR, MTRR, XPC, TP73, TP53 genetic polymorphisms and gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
A comprehensive review of sensitization and allergy to soy-based products.
Meta-analysis of gene expression profiles to predict response to biologic agents  in rheumatoid arthritis.
Outcomes in patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome randomly assigned to invasive versus conservative treatment strategies: a meta-analysis.
Changes in gait variability with anti-dementia drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Circular closure is associated with the lowest rate of surgical site infection following stoma reversal: a systematic review and multiple treatment meta-analysis.
Increased diverticular complications with nonsteriodal anti-inflammatory drugs and other medications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of Wuling capsule for post stroke depression: a systematic review.
Chinese massage (Tuina) for the treatment of essential hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of high/low dose N-acetylcysteine on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The epidemiology and burden of COPD in Latin America and the Caribbean: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Arterial catheters as a source of bloodstream infection: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Individual patient data meta-analysis of hydroxyethyl starch 130/0.4-0.42 versus  crystalloid for fluid resuscitation in patients with severe sepsis: a statistical analysis plan.
Impact of prednisone on toxicities and survival in metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Glutathione-S-transferase M1 and T1 null genotypes are associated with hypertension risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 studies.
Clinical and economic evaluation of tapentadol extended release and oxycodone/naloxone extended release in comparison with controlled release oxycodone in musculoskeletal pain.
Comparative efficacy, acceptability, and safety of medicinal, cognitive-behavioral therapy, and placebo treatments for acute major depressive disorder in children and adolescents: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
Reproductive impact of MRI-guided focused ultrasound surgery for fibroids: a systematic review of the evidence.
Breakthrough cancer pain.
Moderation of effects of AAC based on setting and types of aided AAC on outcome variables: an aggregate study of single-case research with individuals with ASD.
Computer-based interventions to improve self-management in adults with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metformin vs insulin in the management of gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between Cytotoxic T lymphocyte associated antigen-4, Fas, tumour  necrosis factor-α gene polymorphisms and autoimmune hepatitis: a meta-analysis.
Association between the XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism and head and neck cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on case-control studies.
Diagnostic performance of serum macrophage inhibitory cytokine-1 in pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis.
Genetic variants in interleukin genes and susceptibility to IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
MTP -493G>T polymorphism and susceptibility to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease:  a meta-analysis.
Association between leisure time physical activity and metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Association between human papillomavirus (HPV) and oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Association of CD14 gene -159C/T polymorphism with allergic rhinitis risk: a meta-analysis.
Outbursts of anger as a trigger of acute cardiovascular events: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of hormone replacement therapy on the rate of recurrence in endometrial cancer survivors: a meta-analysis.
Aortic valve preservation and repair in acute Type A aortic dissection.
Performance of solid and liquid culture media for the detection of Mycobacterium  tuberculosis in clinical materials: meta-analysis of recent studies.
Network meta-analyses of antiepileptic drug efficacy and tolerability in drug-resistant focal epilepsies: a clinical perspective.
Analgesic options for placement of an intrauterine contraceptive: a meta-analysis.
Association between physical activity and mortality in breast cancer: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Pentoxifylline for the treatment of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a meta-analysis of randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled studies.
Benefits of adding fluticasone propionate/salmeterol to tiotropium in COPD: a meta-analysis.
Use of GnRH analogues pre-operatively for hysteroscopic resection of submucous fibroids: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical effects of pre-adjusted edgewise orthodontic brackets: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Determinants for success rates of temporary anchorage devices in orthodontics: a  meta-analysis (n > 50).
SPECT myocardial perfusion versus fractional flow reserve for evaluation of functional ischemia: a meta analysis.
Editor's Choice - Endovascular aneurysm repair versus open repair for patients with a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of short-term survival.
Blood serotonin levels in autism spectrum disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MR diffusion imaging for preoperative staging of myometrial invasion in patients  with endometrial cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Computed tomography to assess risk of death in acute pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
Robotic versus laparoscopic adrenalectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of acarbose on polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors for treating erectile dysfunction in kidney transplant recipients: a meta-analysis.
Effect of lymph node dissection on the outcomes of upper tract urothelial carcinomas: a meta-analysis.
Risk of mucocutaneous toxicities in patients with solid tumors treated with sorafenib: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase predicts increased risk of mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective observational studies.
Can intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guérin reduce recurrence in patients with non-muscle invasive bladder cancer? An update and cumulative meta-analysis.
Efficacy of dietary interventions for inducing histologic remission in patients with eosinophilic esophagitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Perforation in colorectal stenting: a meta-analysis and a search for risk factors.
Incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma in Barrett's esophagus with low-grade dysplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fluorescence in situ hybridization for diagnosis of cholangiocarcinoma in primary sclerosing cholangitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Progranulin polymorphism rs5848 is associated with increased risk of Alzheimer's  disease.
Effects of interleukin-10 polymorphisms (rs1800896, rs1800871, and rs1800872) on  breast cancer risk: evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
Five common haplotype-tagging variants of adiponectin (ADIPOQ) and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
FGB gene - 148C>T polymorphism is associated with increased risk of ischemic stroke in a Chinese population: a meta-analysis based on 18 case-control studies.
Role of RASSF1A promoter methylation in the pathogenesis of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Timing of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) hormone administration in IVF/ICSI protocols using GnRH agonist or antagonists: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of statin on risk of gynecologic cancers: a meta-analysis of observational studies and randomized controlled trials.
Bullying victimization at school and headache: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Allopurinol for the treatment of chronic kidney disease: a systematic review.
Biodegradable polymer DES versus durable polymer everolimus-eluting stents for patients undergoing PCI: a meta-analysis.
Birth weight and subsequent risk of asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Five-year outcomes for first generation drug-eluting stents versus bare-metal stents in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 polymorphism and coronary heart disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 47,596 subjects.
The COX-2 rs20417 polymorphism and risk of coronary artery disease: evidence from 17,621 subjects.
Meta-analysis of all-trans retinoic acid-linked arsenic trioxide treatment for acute promyelocytic leukemia.
Accuracy of Endorectal Endoscopic Ultrasound (EUS) for Locally Advanced Rectal Cancer (LARC) Restaging After Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy (NAT): A Meta-Analysis.
Evaluation of Preoperative Risk Factor for Converting Laparoscopic to Open Cholecystectomy: A Meta-Analysis.
Association between the PNPLA3 (rs738409 C>G) variant and hepatocellular carcinoma: Evidence from a meta-analysis of individual participant data.
Evaluation of the contralateral inguinal ring in clinically unilateral inguinal hernia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence based palaeopathology: meta-analysis of Pubmed-listed scientific studies on pre-Columbian, South American mummies.
Different patterns and development characteristics of processing written logographic characters and alphabetic words: an ALE meta-analysis.
Functional characterization and differential coactivation patterns of two cytoarchitectonic visual areas on the human posterior fusiform gyrus.
Vascular endothelial growth factor gene polymorphisms and vasculitis susceptibility: A meta-analysis.
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
Cardiovascular risk with and without antihypertensive drug treatment in the Japanese general population: participant-level meta-analysis.
Factors associated with healthcare worker acceptance of vaccination: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of P2X7 receptor 1513 polymorphism on susceptibility to tuberculosis:  A meta-analysis.
The association between CYP2E1 polymorphisms and hepatotoxicity due to anti-tuberculosis drugs: a meta-analysis.
JAK2 rs10758669 polymorphisms and susceptibility to ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Validating and Improving Injury Burden Estimates Study: the Injury-VIBES study protocol.
Case-control analysis of survival outcomes in sinonasal acinic cell carcinoma.
A meta-analysis of adjusted observational studies for mortality in transapical versus transfemoral aortic valve implantation.
Mortality in patients requiring pacemaker implantation following transcatheter aortic valve replacement: insights from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
NOBORI™ biodegradable-polymer biolimus-eluting stent versus durable-polymer drug-eluting stents: a meta-analysis.
Two-dimensional echocardiography using second harmonic imaging for the diagnosis  of intracardiac right-to-left shunt: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Cause-specific mortality risk in alcohol use disorder treatment patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Observer bias in randomized clinical trials with time-to-event outcomes: systematic review of trials with both blinded and non-blinded outcome assessors.
Family involvement in decision making for people with dementia in residential aged care: a systematic review of quantitative literature.
Association between vitamin D status and lipid profile in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of computerized drug-lab alerts: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Three-dimensional versus standard miniplate fixation in the management of mandibular angle fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gene-environmental interaction between smoking and shared epitope on the development of anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibodies in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Intravenous insulin treatment in acute stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Stroke rehabilitation in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The safety and efficacy of minimally invasive discectomy: a meta-analysis of prospective randomised controlled trials.
Clinical efficacy of rituximab for acute rejection in kidney transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Limited dose warfarin throughout pregnancy in patients with mechanical heart valve prosthesis: a meta-analysis.
A review with meta-analysis of observational studies for survival following off-pump coronary artery bypass versus drug-eluting stent implantation.
Elevated prevalence of abnormal glucose metabolism in patients with primary aldosteronism: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between emotional problems and subsequent school attainment: a meta-analysis.
Is excess mortality higher in depressed men than in depressed women? A meta-analytic comparison.
The impact of prophylactic intravenous lidocaine on opioid-induced cough: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
β-Lactam/macrolide dual therapy versus β-lactam monotherapy for the treatment of  community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is anesthetic hip joint injection useful in diagnosing hip osteoarthritis? A meta-analysis of case series.
Lack of association of INS VNTR polymorphism with polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
The Asn680Ser polymorphism of the follicle stimulating hormone receptor gene and  ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study for age-related hearing loss (AHL) in the mouse: a  meta-analysis.
Red meat consumption and stomach cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic role of matrix metalloproteinase 2 in gastric cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Differential diagnosis between malignant and benign breast lesions using single-voxel proton MRS: a meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes in fulminant myocarditis requiring extracorporeal membrane oxygenation: a weighted meta-analysis of 170 patients.
Early versus late initiation of renal replacement therapy in critically ill patients with acute kidney injury after cardiac surgery: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Cold blood versus crystalloid cardioplegia for myocardial protection in adult cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Remote ischemic preconditioning reduces cardiac troponin I release in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Thyroglobulin in lymph node fine-needle aspiration washout: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions in community pharmacy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of chromium supplementation in diabetes.
Ranibizumab for age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis of dose effects and comparison with no anti-VEGF treatment and bevacizumab.
Thromboembolic events and cardiovascular mortality in inflammatory bowel diseases: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Trait and social anxiety in adults with chronic stuttering: conclusions following meta-analysis.
Aspirin and non-aspirin NSAIDs increase risk of colonic diverticular bleeding: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the effectiveness of biological therapy for active moderate  to severe ulcerative colitis.
Controlled attenuation parameter for the detection of steatosis severity in chronic liver disease: a meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of laparoscopic versus open distal gastrectomy.
Short- and long-term results of laparoscopic versus open anti-reflux surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between promoter polymorphisms of interleukin-4 gene and allergic rhinitis risk: a meta-analysis.
The association between dietary patterns and type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
A Mediterranean diet improves HbA1c but not fasting blood glucose compared to alternative dietary strategies: a network meta-analysis.
Hypertension in India: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prevalence, awareness, and control of hypertension.
Single versus double stenting for unprotected left main coronary artery bifurcation lesions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prevalence and odds of depressive symptoms and clinical depression in psoriasis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of recombinant human thyroid-stimulating hormone versus thyroid hormone withdrawal prior to radioiodine remnant ablation in thyroid cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Laparoscopic renal cryoablation versus laparoscopic partial nephrectomy for the treatment of small renal masses: a systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
The risk of maternal and placental complications in pregnant women with asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis identifies adolescent idiopathic scoliosis association with LBX1  locus in multiple ethnic groups.
Treatment of hepatitis C after kidney transplant: a pooled analysis of observational studies.
Modifiers of cancer risk in BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation carriers: systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Influence of serum uric acid levels on prognosis and survival in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Potential disease-modifying effects of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in multiple sclerosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term prognosis after intracerebral haemorrhage: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic utility of gene therapy with herpes simplex virus thymidine kinase for patients with high-grade malignant gliomas: a systematic review and meta analysis.
Evolution of cranial epilepsy surgery complication rates: a 32-year systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of metabolic tumor volume and total lesion glycolysis in head and neck cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Parenting style of women who conceived using in vitro fertilization: a meta-analysis.
Iron supplementation benefits physical performance in women of reproductive age:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The fetal safety of statins: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
How to make choice of the carious removal methods, Carisolv or traditional drilling? A meta-analysis.
Associations between pain appraisals and pain outcomes: meta-analyses of laboratory pain and chronic pain literatures.
Foetal endoscopic tracheal occlusion for severe congenital diaphragmatic hernia--a systemic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Depression symptom clusters and their predictive value for treatment outcomes: results from an individual patient data meta-analysis of duloxetine trials.
Exercise training improves depressive symptoms in people with multiple sclerosis: results of a meta-analysis.
Low birth weight and intelligence in adolescence and early adulthood: a meta-analysis.
Association of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ Pro12Ala gene polymorphism with type 2 diabetic nephropathy risk in Caucasian population.
Impact of medical treatments for male lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign  prostatic hyperplasia on ejaculatory function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Testosterone supplementation and sexual function: a meta-analysis study.
Combination of psychological intervention and phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors for  erectile dysfunction: a narrative review and meta-analysis.
The effect of statins on erectile dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of PDE5 inhibitors alone or in combination with alpha-blockers for the treatment of erectile dysfunction and lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term effect of whole body vibration training on jump height: meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of rectal washout on risk of local recurrence for cancer.
Meta-analysis of first-line therapies in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer harboring EGFR-activating mutations.
Primary tumor standardized uptake value measured on F18-Fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography is of prediction value for survival and local control in non-small-cell lung cancer receiving radiotherapy: meta-analysis.
Effects of psychotherapy on trauma-related cognitions in posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
Infrainguinal angioplasty with drug-eluting stents and balloons.
Percutaneous transluminal angioplasty versus primary stenting in infrapopliteal arterial disease: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Cilostazol is associated with improved outcomes after peripheral endovascular interventions.
HER-2 overexpression and survival in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Anterolateral minithoracotomy versus median sternotomy for mitral valve disease:  a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of access site and nonaccess site bleeding after percutaneous coronary intervention: a cohort study in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction and comprehensive meta-analysis.
Identification of pathways for bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of single-dose local infiltration of analgesia in total knee  arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Genetic polymorphisms of RAD51 and XRCC3 and acute myeloid leukemia risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between MTR A2756G polymorphism and childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Single-agent versus combination chemotherapy as first-line treatment for patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer and performance status 2: a literature-based meta-analysis of randomized studies.
Creatine supplementation during resistance training in older adults-a meta-analysis.
Aberrant promoter methylation of RASSF1A gene may be correlated with colorectal carcinogenesis: a meta-analysis.
Role of RASSF1A promoter methylation in the pathogenesis of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of 21 cohort studies.
Genetic association studies of endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphisms in women with unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss: a systematic and meta-analysis.
Ethnic differences in the association of the glutathione S-transferase T1 (GSTT1) null genotype and risk of gastric carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between XPD Lys751Gln polymorphism and bladder cancer susceptibility: an updated and cumulative meta-analysis based on 6,836 cases and 8,251 controls.
Association between the CYP1A2-164 A/C polymorphism and colorectal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between DNA repair gene polymorphisms and risk of glioma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the CETP polymorphisms and the risk of Alzheimer's disease, carotid atherosclerosis, longevity, and the efficacy of statin therapy.
Beta blockers for acute traumatic brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cytoarchitecture, probability maps and functions of the human frontal pole.
The SIRT2 polymorphism rs10410544 and risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Clinicopathologic characteristics of brain tumors are associated with the presence and patterns of TP53 mutations: evidence from the IARC TP53 Database.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the epidemiology of Duchenne and Becker  muscular dystrophy.
Verbal fluency in focal epilepsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Social competence in children with brain disorders: a meta-analytic review.
Facial emotion processing in borderline personality disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neuropsychology of environmental navigation in humans: review and meta-analysis of FMRI studies in healthy participants.
Multimodal voxel-based meta-analysis of white matter abnormalities in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Grey matter reduction associated with posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic stress.
Corticospinal activity during dual tasking: a systematic review and meta-analysis of TMS literature from 1995 to 2013.
Is meditation associated with altered brain structure? A systematic review and meta-analysis of morphometric neuroimaging in meditation practitioners.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of antipsychotic medications on regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) in schizophrenia: association with response to treatment.
Cognitive functioning in idiopathic generalised epilepsies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Potassium-rich diet and risk of stroke: updated meta-analysis.
Metabolically healthy obesity and risk of incident type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Dairy consumption and pre-school, school-age and adolescent obesity in developed  countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D supplementation and body weight status: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Preemptive use of gabapentin in abdominal hysterectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mode of delivery after successful external cephalic version: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Absence from work and return to work in people with back pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Discordance in hormone receptor status among primary, metastatic, and second primary breast cancers: biological difference or misclassification?
Treatment-related mortality with everolimus in cancer patients.
Pleomorphic adenoma and benign parotid tumors: extracapsular dissection vs superficial parotidectomy--review of literature and meta-analysis.
Operative versus nonoperative treatment for complex proximal humeral fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Evaluation of the therapeutic effect of treatment with intra-articular hyaluronic acid in knees for Kashin-Beck disease: a meta-analysis.
Landiolol hydrochloride for prevention of atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Perioperative steroids administration in pediatric cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials*.
Unilateral vocal fold paralysis after congenital cardiothoracic surgery: a meta-analysis.
Stimulant treatment of ADHD and cigarette smoking: a meta-analysis.
Health care provider-delivered adherence promotion interventions: a meta-analysis.
HLA-A*31:01 and different types of carbamazepine-induced severe cutaneous adverse reactions: an international study and meta-analysis.
Estrogen and selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMs) for the treatment of  acromegaly: a meta-analysis of published observational studies.
Cycling empirical antibiotic therapy in hospitals: meta-analysis and models.
Antibiotic therapy for acute appendicitis in adults. Fewer immediate complications than with surgery, but more subsequent failures.
Depression after heart failure and risk of cardiovascular and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis.
Minority stress and substance use in sexual minority adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Intermittent androgen deprivation is a rational standard-of-care treatment for all stages of progressive prostate cancer: results from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of testosterone replacement therapy on prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Leptin -2548g/a gene polymorphism in association with antipsychotic-induced weight gain: a meta-analysis study.
Examining the relationship between subjective and objective memory performance in older adults: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of neuropsychological markers of vulnerability to suicidal behavior in mood disorders.
Improving subjective perception of personal cancer risk: systematic review and meta-analysis of educational interventions for people with cancer or at high risk of cancer.
Efficacy, tolerability, and safety of hypnosis in adult irritable bowel syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of vitamin E-coated dialyzer on oxidative stress and inflammation status  in hemodialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of megsin 2093C/T, 2180C/T and C25663G gene polymorphism with the risk of IgA nephropathy.
Association of T869, C509T, G915C gene polymorphism of transforming growth factor-β1 with IgA nephropathy risk.
Adenomyosis and reproductive performance after surgery for rectovaginal and colorectal endometriosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of incontinence-associated dermatitis, incontinence, and moisture as risk factors for pressure ulcer development.
Adrenaline for out-of-hospital cardiac arrest resuscitation: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between aspartic acid (D)-repeat polymorphisms in asporin and osteoarthritis susceptibility.
Associations between vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and osteoarthritis: an updated meta-analysis.
Adjuvant chemotherapy after curative resection for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and epilepsy susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
The comparison of effects of biologic agents on rheumatoid arthritis damage progression is biased by period of enrollment: data from a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Trichomonas vaginalis as a cause of perinatal morbidity: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Internet-based partner selection and risk for unprotected anal intercourse in sexual encounters among men who have sex with men: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Sleep changes in the disorder of insomnia: a meta-analysis of polysomnographic studies.
Rehabilitation following surgery for lumbar spinal stenosis. A Cochrane review.
Pedicle screw versus hybrid construct instrumentation in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis: meta-analysis of thoracic kyphosis.
Effect of aerobic exercise training on arterial stiffness in obese populations :  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fruits and vegetables consumption and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Complex atheromatous plaques in the descending aorta and the risk of stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychological associations of poststroke fatigue: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of nonsuicidal self-injury in nonclinical samples: systematic review,  meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Efficacy and safety of palonosetron for the prophylaxis of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV): a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prevention strategies for chemotherapy-induced hand-foot syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective randomised trials.
Gentamicin/collagen sponge use may reduce the risk of surgical site infections for patients undergoing cardiac operations: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of prevention of surgical site infections following incision closure with triclosan-coated sutures: robustness to new evidence.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of transaxillary robotic thyroidectomy versus open thyroidectomy.
Endoscopic resection with hyaluronate solution for gastrointestinal lesions: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Analysis of 11 trials comparing muscle-sparing with posterolateral thoracotomy.
Influence of the β-fibrinogen-455G/A polymorphism on development of ischemic stroke and coronary heart disease.
Human diarrhea infections associated with domestic animal husbandry: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ureterovesical anastomotic techniques for kidney transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Calcineurin inhibitor avoidance and withdrawal for kidney transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Low expression of let-7 predicts poor prognosis in patients with multiple cancers: a meta-analysis.
Common genetic variants on FOXE1 contributes to thyroid cancer susceptibility: evidence based on 16 studies.
CCL5-403, CCR5-59029, and Delta32 polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis  based on 20,625 subjects.
Glutathione S-transferase gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to chronic myeloid leukemia.
Promoter methylation of DAPK gene may contribute to the pathogenesis of nonsmall  cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between XRCC3 T241M polymorphism and glioma risk: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of serum HE4, CA125 and ROMA in patients with ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk of malignancy in focal thyroid lesions identified by (18)F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography or positron emission tomography/computed tomography: evidence from a large series of studies.
Association between MSH6 G39E polymorphism and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of 7,046 cases and 34,554 controls.
Association between CD95L polymorphism and cervical cancer risk: evidence from a  meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of common genetic variants on chromosome 5p15 and lung cancer risk.
The association between VDR polymorphisms and renal cell carcinoma susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of MOC-31 for malignant effusions: a meta-analysis.
Metastasis-associated protein 1 as a new prognostic marker for solid tumors: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
The effect of RAD51 135 G>C and XRCC2 G>A (rs3218536) polymorphisms on ovarian cancer risk among Caucasians: a meta-analysis.
Genetic association between ERCC5 rs17655 polymorphism and lung cancer risk: evidence based on a meta-analysis.
Increased lung cancer risk associated with the TERT rs2736100 polymorphism: an updated meta-analysis.
XRCC1 and XPD genetic polymorphisms and clinical outcomes of gastric cancer patients treated with oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
No association between XRCC1 gene Arg194Trp polymorphism and risk of lung cancer: evidence based on an updated cumulative meta-analysis.
Estrogen receptor alpha gene polymorphisms and risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis involving 18 studies.
A systematic review of matrix metalloproteinase 9 as a biomarker of survival in patients with osteosarcoma.
E-cadherin expression and prognosis of oral cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effects of aerobic exercise on cancer-related fatigue in breast cancer patients receiving chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of circulating tumor cells and disseminated tumor cells in patients with prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between VEGF protein expression and lymph node metastasis in papillary thyroid carcinoma among Asians: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of HER2 expression based on trastuzumab for gastric cancer (ToGA) criteria in gastric cancer: an updated meta-analysis.
Cleft lip and palate transmembrane protein 1 rs31489 polymorphism is associated with lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
TERT rs2736100 polymorphism contributes to lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis including 49,869 cases and 73,464 controls.
NFKB1 -94 insertion/deletion polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
MDM2 SNP309 variation increases cervical cancer risk among Asians.
Polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase M1 (GSTM1) and T1 (GSTT1) in ovarian cancer risk.
Lack of association between cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1B rs2066827 polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility.
Association of C722T polymorphism in XRCC3 gene with larynx cancer: a meta-analysis.
Regulator of telomere elongation helicase 1 (RTEL1) rs6010620 polymorphism contribute to increased risk of glioma.
APE1 Asp148Glu polymorphism and lung cancer susceptibility.
Lung cancer risk and genetic variants in East Asians: a meta-analysis.
Serum carbohydrate antigen 242 expression exerts crucial function in the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer.
Complex association between ERCC2 gene polymorphisms, gender, smoking and the susceptibility to bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Tea consumption and leukemia risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of four polymorphisms in the death receptor 4 gene with cancer risk:  an updated meta-analysis.
Bazedoxifene versus oral bisphosphonates for the prevention of nonvertebral fractures in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at higher risk of fracture: a network meta-analysis.
Searching for indirect evidence and extending the network of studies for network  meta-analysis: case study in venous thromboembolic events prevention following elective total knee replacement surgery.
The acute surgical unit model verses the traditional "on call" model: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Enhanced recovery program in colorectal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[A meta-analysis on acupuncture treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome].
[A meta-analysis on pricking blood therapy for migraine].
[Clinical randomized controlled trials of acupoint catgut-embedding for simple obesity: a meta-analysis].
[Effectiveness of integrative medicine for preventing postoperative recurrence of primary hepatic carcinomas: a systematic review].
[Association between hepatitis B virus infection and risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis of diammonium glycyrrhizinate enteric-coated capsules versus diammonium glycyrrihizinate in patients with chronic viral hepatitis].
[Erythromycin for improving enteral nutrition tolerance in adult critical patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
The impact of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on the incidence of cardiovascular events and complications in peripheral arterial disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and assisted reproduction technologies: current concepts.
Treatment of acute pancreatitis with protease inhibitors administered through intravenous infusion: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physical activity is associated with reduced risk of esophageal cancer, particularly esophageal adenocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is high-frequency oscillatory ventilation more effective and safer than conventional protective ventilation in adult acute respiratory distress syndrome  patients? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is omega-3 fatty acids enriched nutrition support safe for critical ill patients? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The NQO1 Pro187Ser polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio in solid tumors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protocol: systematic review and meta-analyses of birth outcomes for women who intend at the onset of labour to give birth at home compared to women of low obstetrical risk who intend to give birth in hospital.
Diagnostic value of serum HE4 in endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
The effect of prone positioning on mortality in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
No association of G-protein beta polypeptide 3 polymorphism with irritable bowel  syndrome: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Prognostic and clinicopathological significance of glypican-3 overexpression in hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Dietary patterns and oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D intake, blood 25(OH)D levels, and breast cancer risk or mortality: a meta-analysis.
Influence of transcatheter aortic valve replacement strategy and valve design on  stroke after transcatheter aortic valve replacement: a meta-analysis and systematic review of literature.
Prevalence of unprotected anal intercourse in men who have sex with men recruited online versus offline: a meta-analysis.
Safety and effectiveness of antiretroviral therapies for HIV-infected women and their infants and children: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Perioperative blood transfusion adversely affects prognosis after resection of lung cancer: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Current evidences on XPC polymorphisms and gastric cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Open reduction and closed reduction internal fixation in treatment of femoral neck fractures: a meta-analysis.
The associations between endothelial lipase 584C/T polymorphism and HDL-C level and coronary heart disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Ferritin levels and risk of metabolic syndrome: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Histological changes of gastric mucosa after Helicobacter pylori eradication: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
miRNA polymorphisms and risk of gastric cancer in Asian population.
Biological agents for moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy to prevent gastric cancer in healthy asymptomatic infected individuals: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Efficacy and adverse events of high-frequency oscillatory ventilation in adult patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Coronary computed tomography angiography for the detection of cardiac allograft vasculopathy: a meta-analysis of prospective trials.
Investigation of continuous effect modifiers in a meta-analysis on higher versus  lower PEEP in patients requiring mechanical ventilation--protocol of the ICEM study.
Apolipoprotein E gene ε4ε4 is associated with elevated risk of primary open angle glaucoma in Asians: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in the XRCC1 gene are associated with treatment response to platinum chemotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients based on meta-analysis.
Computer-delivered and web-based interventions to improve depression, anxiety, and psychological well-being of university students: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is fibrin sealant effective and safe in total knee arthroplasty? A meta-analysis  of randomized trials.
Increased circulating microRNA-155 as a potential biomarker for breast cancer screening: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of time-related benefits of statin therapy in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
A meta-analysis of lung cancer gene expression identifies PTK7 as a survival gene in lung adenocarcinoma.
Prognosis value of HIF-1α expression in patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
CD33: increased inclusion of exon 2 implicates the Ig V-set domain in Alzheimer's disease susceptibility.
Meta-analysis of expression of l(3)mbt tumor-associated germline genes supports the model that a soma-to-germline transition is a hallmark of human cancers.
Prognostic role of neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio in colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of aerobic exercise training on arterial stiffness in pre- and hypertensive subjects: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Schizophrenia and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Remote ischemic preconditioning reduces peri-procedural myocardial injury in elective percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Early and late mortality after repair or replacement in mitral valve prolapse and functional ischemic mitral regurgitation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Association between dietary carbohydrate intake and dietary glycemic index and risk of age-related cataract: a meta-analysis.
Effect of obstructive sleep apnea hypopnea syndrome on lipid profile: a meta-regression analysis.
SMN1 duplications contribute to sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Robotic versus laparoscopic total mesorectal excision for rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Long term maintenance of weight loss with non-surgical interventions in obese adults: systematic review and meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials.
Pharmacotherapy for adults with alcohol use disorders in outpatient settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic papillary large balloon dilation vs endoscopic sphincterotomy for retrieval of common bile duct stones: a meta-analysis.
Endoscopic submucosal dissection vs endoscopic mucosal resection for superficial  esophageal cancer.
Comparative effectiveness of long term drug treatment strategies to prevent asthma exacerbations: network meta-analysis.
Efficacy and toxicity of external-beam radiation therapy for localised prostate cancer: a network meta-analysis.
Effect of dietary pulse intake on established therapeutic lipid targets for cardiovascular risk reduction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Sudden cardiac death risk stratification in patients with nonischemic dilated cardiomyopathy.
Substitution of physicians by nurses in primary care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Screening women for intimate partner violence in healthcare settings: abridged Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Insulin therapy and colorectal cancer risk among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Society of Surgical Oncology-American Society for Radiation Oncology consensus guideline on margins for breast-conserving surgery with whole-breast irradiation  in stages I and II invasive breast cancer.
Mammographic density phenotypes and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Preventing the development of depression at work: a systematic review and meta-analysis of universal interventions in the workplace.
Bibliometric network analysis of glaucoma.
Efficacy of ultrasound-guided radial artery catheterization: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Rationale and protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis on reduced data  gathering in people with delusions.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) 4b/a gene polymorphisms and coronary artery disease: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and complication of endoscopic submucosal dissection for superficial esophageal carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between esophageal cancer risk and EPHX1 polymorphisms: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of ilaprazole in the treatment of duodenal ulcers: a meta-analysis.
Right ventricular dysfunction as an echocardiographic prognostic factor in hemodynamically stable patients with acute pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
Effect of childhood obesity prevention programs on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antibiotics are not beneficial in the management of category III prostatitis: a meta analysis.
Different role of tumor necrosis factor-α polymorphism in non-Hodgkin lymphomas among Caucasian and Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
The relation of location-specific epicardial adipose tissue thickness and obstructive coronary artery disease: systemic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Effect of smoke-free legislation on perinatal and child health: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preoperative chemotherapy for non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual participant data.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the prevalence of dietary supplement use by military personnel.
The therapeutic potential of C-peptide in kidney disease: a protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protocol for a systematic review and individual participant data meta-analysis of B-type natriuretic peptide-guided therapy for heart failure.
Harassment and discrimination in medical training: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The value of magnetic resonance imaging in the detection of prostate cancer in patients with previous negative biopsies and elevated prostate-specific antigen levels: a meta-analysis.
Relief of obstructed defecation syndrome after stapled transanal rectal resection (STARR): a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of ureteroscopic lithotripsy and extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy on ureteral calculi.
Association between individual differences in non-symbolic number acuity and math performance: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic role of Gallium-68 DOTATOC and Gallium-68 DOTATATE PET in patients with neuroendocrine tumors: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the economic impact of smoking bans in restaurants and bars.
Feedback for simulation-based procedural skills training: a meta-analysis and critical narrative synthesis.
Risk factors for incident delirium among older people in acute hospital medical units: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of cognitive training and mental stimulation on cognitive and everyday functioning of healthy older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CT perfusion for detection of delayed cerebral ischemia in aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endovascular treatment of anterior communicating artery aneurysms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: the incidence of advanced neoplasia after polypectomy in patients with and without low-risk adenomas.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: meat consumption and the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Primary prevention of food allergy in children and adults: systematic review.
A systematic review and collaborative meta-analysis to determine the incremental  value of copeptin for rapid rule-out of acute myocardial infarction.
Association between heme oxygenase 1 gene promoter polymorphisms and susceptibility to coronary artery disease: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption over time and risk of death: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The diagnostic accuracy of fecal calprotectin during the investigation of suspected pediatric inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of early intervention on mental or neuromusculoskeletal and movement-related functions in children born low birthweight or preterm: a meta-analysis.
Association between weight gain during pregnancy and pregnancy outcomes after dietary and lifestyle interventions: a meta-analysis.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on hand function recovery and excitability of the motor cortex after stroke: a meta-analysis.
Psychological interventions for psychosis: a meta-analysis of comparative outcome studies.
Self-gripping mesh versus sutured mesh in open inguinal hernia repair: system review and meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with mild  versus moderate renal insufficiency at 30-day and 1-year follow-up.
Racial variation in sex steroid hormone concentration in black and white men: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy and precision of continuous noninvasive arterial pressure monitoring compared with invasive arterial pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of out-of-hospital noninvasive positive-pressure support ventilation in adult patients with severe respiratory distress: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The global epidemiology of anabolic-androgenic steroid use: a meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis.
Promoter methylation of the RASSF1A gene may contribute to colorectal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on the diagnostic performance of FDG-PET/CT in detecting bone marrow involvement in newly diagnosed Hodgkin lymphoma: is bone marrow biopsy still necessary?
Safety profile of protein kinase inhibitors in rheumatoid arthritis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety of short, in-hospital delays before surgery for acute appendicitis: multicentre cohort study, systematic review, and meta-analysis.
Perioperative blood transfusion is associated with worse clinical outcomes in resected lung cancer.
Gastrectomy for stage IV gastric cancer. a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anterior-posterior versus anterior-lateral electrode position for external electrical cardioversion of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of homocysteine, vitamin B12, and folate with bone mineral density in postmenopausal women: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study for circulating tissue plasminogen activator levels and functional follow-up implicates endothelial STXBP5 and STX2.
Novel risk loci for rheumatoid arthritis in Han Chinese and congruence with risk  variants in Europeans.
RFC1 80G>A is a genetic determinant of methotrexate efficacy in rheumatoid arthritis: a human genome epidemiologic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
The association between passive smoking and type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The PCA3 test for guiding repeat biopsy of prostate cancer and its cut-off score: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of C-reactive protein in prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between FOXO3A gene polymorphisms and human longevity: a meta-analysis.
Avanafil for male erectile dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of statins in erectile dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio in relation to risk of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular events among patients undergoing angiography or cardiac revascularization: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Sugar sweetened beverages consumption and risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Dose-response relationship of serum uric acid levels with risk of stroke mortality.
Systematic meta-analysis of outcomes associated with psychosis and co-morbid substance use.
Innovative technology-based interventions for autism spectrum disorders: a meta-analysis.
Genetic influences on political ideologies: twin analyses of 19 measures of political ideologies from five democracies and genome-wide findings from three populations.
Evaluation of diagnostic accuracy of DNA methylation biomarkers for bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of predictors of favorable employment outcomes among individuals with bipolar disorder.
Association and prediction of amniotic fluid measurements for adverse pregnancy outcome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variants and risk of cervical cancer: epidemiological evidence, meta-analysis and research review.
Does induction of labour increase the risk of caesarean section? A systematic review and meta-analysis of trials in women with intact membranes.
Extended vs non-extended pelvic lymph node dissection and their influence on recurrence-free survival in patients undergoing radical cystectomy for bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Soy and soy isoflavones in prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of sublingual allergen immunotherapy and pharmacotherapy in pollen-induced seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
Alcohol drinking and cutaneous melanoma risk: a systematic review and dose-risk meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effectiveness and safety of extended lymphadenectomy in patients with resectable gastric cancer.
Probing emotional influences on cognitive control: an ALE meta-analysis of cognition emotion interactions.
Meta-analysis of the effects of exercise intervention on quality of life in breast cancer survivors.
Egg consumption and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
What lies behind chemotherapy-induced amenorrhea for breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of reference markers of bone turnover for prediction of fracture.
Atenolol vs nonatenolol β-blockers for the treatment of hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Relationships between abnormal MMP2 expression and prognosis in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Coffee consumption and prostate cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Physical activity in relation to risk of hematologic cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hypoxia-inducible factor-1α C1772T polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis  including 18,334 subjects.
Meta-analysis of bioabsorbable versus durable polymer drug-eluting stents in 20,005 patients with coronary artery disease: an update.
Safety and efficacy metrics for primary nitinol stenting in femoropopliteal occlusive disease: a meta-analysis and critical examination of current methodologies.
IGF1(CA)19 and IGFBP-3-202A/C gene polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness and safety of drug therapy for pulmonary arterial hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of sociodemographic patient characteristics on the efficacy of decision AIDS: a patient-level meta-analysis of 7 randomized trials.
The prevalence of Os acromiale: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the MS4A2 gene promoter C-109T or the 7th exon E237G polymorphisms with asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and safety of mizoribine with mycophenolate mofetil for Asian renal transplantation--a meta-analysis.
Relationship between prostate-specific antigen kinetics and detection rate of radiolabelled choline PET/CT in restaging prostate cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
CA19-9 and CA242 as tumor markers for the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of biologic agents in improving the Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ) score in established and early rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis with indirect comparisons.
Laser-assisted subepithelial keratectomy versus epipolis laser in situ keratomileusis for myopia: a meta-analysis of clinical outcomes.
Lower pill burden and once-daily antiretroviral treatment regimens for HIV infection: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Carbapenem resistance and mortality in patients with Acinetobacter baumannii infection: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of virtual reality interventions in improving balance in adults with impaired balance compared with standard or no treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of prone positional ventilation in acute respiratory distress syndrome: updated study-level meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled  trials.
Predictors of outcome for patients with lung adenocarcinoma carrying the epidermal growth factor receptor mutation receiving 1st-line tyrosine kinase inhibitors: Sensitivity and meta-regression analysis of randomized trials.
ALA, fatty fish or marine n-3 fatty acids for preventing DM?: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of metacognitive therapy for anxiety and depression: a meta-analytic review.
The safety of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors or sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors added to metformin background therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of sodium glucose co-transport-2 inhibitors in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Dapagliflozin compared with other oral anti-diabetes treatments when added to metformin monotherapy: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Early combination therapy for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cytokines in patients with type 2 diabetes and chronic periodontitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the ICAM-1 K469E polymorphism and diabetic retinopathy in Type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Global rural diabetes prevalence: a systematic review and meta-analysis covering  1990-2012.
Diagnostic value of adenosine deaminase in ascites for tuberculosis ascites: a meta-analysis.
Identification of circulating microRNAs as novel potential biomarkers for gastric cancer detection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polychemotherapy or gemcitabine in advanced pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between coffee intake and gastroesophageal reflux disease: a meta-analysis.
Association between the FAS rs2234767G/A polymorphism and cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Percutaneous coronary intervention in addition to optimal medical therapy for stabile coronary artery disease - a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Clinical characteristics as predictors of malignancy in patients with indeterminate thyroid cytology: a meta-analysis.
Local recurrence after endoscopic mucosal resection of nonpedunculated colorectal lesions: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-physician performance of lower and upper endoscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term exposure to elemental constituents of particulate matter and cardiovascular mortality in 19 European cohorts: results from the ESCAPE and TRANSPHORM projects.
Cumulative meta-analysis of job strain and CHD.
Physical activity and the risk of preeclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Management of antiepileptic drugs following epilepsy surgery: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical studies with betahistine in Ménière's disease and vestibular vertigo.
Biodegradable-polymer drug-eluting stents vs. bare metal stents vs. durable-polymer drug-eluting stents: a systematic review and Bayesian approach network meta-analysis.
Comparison of laryngeal mask airway Supreme and laryngeal mask airway Pro-Seal for controlled ventilation during general anaesthesia in adult patients: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Vitamin C and survival among women with breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Consumption of fruit, but not vegetables, may reduce risk of gastric cancer: results from a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and survival in colorectal and breast cancer patients: systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
The prevalence of human papillomavirus in colorectal adenomas and adenocarcinomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Circulating adiponectin levels and the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Is valve choice a significant determinant of paravalular leak post-transcatheter  aortic valve implantation? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Multitargeted antiangiogenic tyrosine kinase inhibitors combined to chemotherapy  in metastatic breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adiposity has a greater impact on hypertension in lean than not-lean populations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and safety of biosimilar infliximab and other biological treatments in ankylosing spondylitis: systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Evidence-based computer-navigated total hip arthroplasty: an updated analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest and race or ethnicity: black US populations fare worse.
Combined portal vein resection in the treatment of hilar cholangiocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Randomized trials for endovascular treatment of infrainguinal arterial disease: systematic review and meta-analysis (Part 1: Above the knee).
Randomized trials for endovascular treatment of infrainguinal arterial disease: systematic review and meta-analysis (Part 2: Below the knee).
Angiosome-targeted lower limb revascularization for ischemic foot wounds: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sensitivity and specificity of CT colonography for the detection of colonic neoplasia after positive faecal occult blood testing: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of unilateral versus bilateral pedicle screw fixation in degenerative  lumbar diseases: a meta-analysis.
Mid- to long-term outcomes after cervical disc arthroplasty compared with anterior discectomy and fusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Minimally invasive surgery for lumbar disc herniation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surgery in lumbar degenerative spondylolisthesis: indications, outcomes and complications. A systematic review.
Vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and risk of osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis.
Anabolic steroid-induced hypogonadism: diagnosis and treatment.
Cervical mucus removal before embryo transfer in women undergoing in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic yield of bile duct brushings for cholangiocarcinoma in primary sclerosing cholangitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An empirical comparison of meta-analysis and mega-analysis of individual participant data for identifying gene-environment interactions.
S100A4 is an independent prognostic factor for patients with lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of associations between the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ Pro12Ala polymorphism and susceptibility to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, rheumatoid arthritis, and psoriatic arthritis.
Role of MDM2 T309G polymorphism in susceptibility and prognosis of nonsmall cell  lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Correlations of ANP genetic polymorphisms and serum levels with ischemic stroke risk: a meta-analysis.
Human equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 predicts survival in patients with pancreatic cancer treated with gemcitabine: a meta-analysis.
Common polymorphisms in the interleukin-6 gene and myocardial infarction risk: a  meta-analysis.
Effects of MTHFR genetic polymorphisms on toxicity and clinical response of irinotecan-based chemotherapy in patients with colorectal cancer.
Vitamin D receptor ApaI gene polymorphism and tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association of GCK -30G> a polymorphism with gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes mellitus risk: a meta-analysis involving 18 case-control studies.
Neo-antigens predicted by tumor genome meta-analysis correlate with increased patient survival.
Pleiotropic effects of genetic risk variants for other cancers on colorectal cancer risk: PAGE, GECCO and CCFR consortia.
Newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus after acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of the antagonist/letrozole protocol for treating poor responders undergoing in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Glassy cell carcinoma of the cervix: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predictive value of human papillomavirus in oropharyngeal carcinoma treated with  radiotherapy: An updated systematic review and meta-analysis of 30 trials.
Subjective socioeconomic status and adolescent health: a meta-analysis.
Does theory influence the effectiveness of health behavior interventions? Meta-analysis.
Beneficial effects of catheter ablation of frequent premature ventricular complexes on left ventricular function.
Surgical ablation for treatment of atrial fibrillation in cardiac surgery: a cumulative meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Impact of prolonged implantable cardioverter-defibrillator arrhythmia detection times on outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Effects of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin on small dense low-density lipoprotein: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Pylorus-Preserving versus Distal Subtotal Gastrectomy for Surgical Treatment of Early Gastric Cancer: A Meta-Analysis.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of unboosted atazanavir compared with  ritonavir-boosted protease inhibitor maintenance therapy in HIV-infected adults with established virological suppression after induction.
Is dexamethasone an effective alternative to oral prednisone in the treatment of  pediatric asthma exacerbations?
Laparoscopic versus open pancreas resection for pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Involvement of the dorsal and ventral attention networks in oddball stimulus processing: a meta-analysis.
Human performance consequences of stages and levels of automation: an integrated  meta-analysis.
Case-control association study of polymorphisms in the voltage-gated sodium channel genes SCN1A, SCN2A, SCN3A, SCN1B, and SCN2B and epilepsy.
CTLA-4 polymorphisms and susceptibility to inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
DNA mismatch repair gene MSH6 implicated in determining age at natural menopause.
Gene-centric meta-analyses for central adiposity traits in up to 57 412 individuals of European descent confirm known loci and reveal several novel associations.
Fine mapping of the celiac disease-associated LPP locus reveals a potential functional variant.
Celecoxib: a new augmentation strategy for depressive mood episodes. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Uterine adenomyosis and in vitro fertilization outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hysterosalpingosonography for diagnosing tubal occlusion in subfertile women: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Neonatal outcomes among singleton births after blastocyst versus cleavage stage embryo transfer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Presurgical diagnosis of adnexal tumours using mathematical models and scoring systems: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Natural killer cells in female infertility and recurrent miscarriage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of azilsartan therapy for blood pressure reduction.
Prevalence of anemia in inflammatory bowel diseases in european countries: a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis.
Acute traumatic coagulopathy in the setting of isolated traumatic brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prolonged infusion versus intermittent boluses of β-lactam antibiotics for treatment of acute infections: a meta-analysis.
Dexamethasone for the prevention of acute mountain sickness: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hypertonic saline with furosemide for the treatment of acute congestive heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Medical therapy versus implantable cardioverter -defibrillator in preventing sudden cardiac death in patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction and heart failure: a meta-analysis of > 35,000 patients.
Effects of yoga on cardiovascular disease risk factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy evaluation of methotrexate in the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis using meta-analysis.
Set shifting in children and adolescents with anorexia nervosa: an exploratory systematic review and meta-analysis.
Folate intake and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis to estimate potential recruitment to dementia intervention studies.
Prior use of four invasive procedures increases the risk of Acinetobacter baumannii nosocomial bacteremia among patients in intensive care units: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
5-HT2A receptor antagonists for the treatment of neuroleptic-induced akathisia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of physical exercise strategies on weight loss in postpartum women: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Osteotome-mediated sinus floor elevation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Indoor air pollution from solid fuel and tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the additional benefit of local prophylactic antibiotic therapy for infection rates in open tibia fractures treated with intramedullary nailing.
Video laryngoscopy versus direct laryngoscopy for orotracheal intubation in the intensive care unit: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antioxidant supplementations for prevention of atrial fibrillation after cardiac  surgery: an updated comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis of 23 randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of adjusted risk estimates for survival from observational studies of complete versus incomplete revascularization in patients with multivessel disease undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting.
Analgesic efficacy and safety of thoracic paravertebral and epidural analgesia for thoracic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statins use and risk of depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preterm birth, infant weight gain, and childhood asthma risk: a meta-analysis of  147,000 European children.
Omalizumab for the treatment of inadequately controlled allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Effects of the transcendental meditation technique on trait anxiety: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The association of indoor tanning and melanoma in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
New oral anticoagulants in elderly adults: evidence from a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Normal ranges of right ventricular systolic and diastolic strain measures in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of amlodipine and other classes of antihypertensive drugs on long-term blood pressure variability: evidence from randomized controlled trials.
Infection control and prevention measures to reduce the spread of vancomycin-resistant enterococci in hospitalized patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Imageless computer navigation in total knee arthroplasty provides superior short  term functional outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Association of polymorphisms in estrogen receptors (ESR1 and ESR2) with male infertility: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Nonpharmacological treatments for ADHD: a meta-analytic review.
Extracardiac findings on coronary CT angiography: a systematic review.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of pycnogenol on plasma lipids.
TAP1 I333V gene polymorphism and type 1 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of 2248 cases.
Acromegaly clinical trial methodology impact on reported biochemical efficacy rates of somatostatin receptor ligand treatments: a meta-analysis.
Estimating a test's accuracy using tailored meta-analysis-How setting-specific data may aid study selection.
Radiofrequency ablation versus hepatic resection for small hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of sonication fluid samples from prosthetic components for diagnosis of infection after total joint arthroplasty.
Meta-analysis of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor-associated QTc prolongation.
Pharmacologic and behavioral interventions to improve cardiovascular risk factors in adults with serious mental illness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists and bone fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Vitreous biomarkers in diabetic retinopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Silent myocardial ischemia detected by single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) and risk of cardiac events among asymptomatic patients with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Achieving HbA1c targets in clinical trials and in the real world: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Off-clamp versus complete hilar control partial nephrectomy for renal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
X-ray repair cross-complementing 1 polymorphism and prognosis of platinum-based chemotherapy in gastric and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Doxorubicin-eluting beads versus conventional transarterial chemoembolization for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Prognostic significance of neuroendocrine differentiation in colorectal adenocarcinoma after radical operation: a meta-analysis.
Effects of lifestyle-related interventions on blood pressure in low and middle-income countries: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Natural course of Fabry disease and the effectiveness of enzyme replacement therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis: effectiveness of ERT in different disease stages.
Meta-analysis of first-line triple therapy for helicobacter pylori eradication in Korea: is it time to change?
Papillary thyroid microcarcinomas are different from latent papillary thyroid carcinomas at autopsy.
Laparoscopic versus endoscopic management of choledocholithiasis in patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis.
Gadoxetic acid disodium (Gd-EOBDTPA)-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging for the  detection of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Interventions to reduce the consequences of stress in physicians: a review and meta-analysis.
The role of sonolysis and sonothrombolysis in acute ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and case-control studies.
Association of MTHFR C677T polymorphism and risk of cerebrovascular disease in Chinese population: an updated meta-analysis.
A 43-year systematic review and meta-analysis: case-fatality and risk of death among adults with tuberculous meningitis in Africa.
Can fMRI safely replace the Wada test for preoperative assessment of language lateralisation? A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Letrozole versus clomiphene citrate for unexplained infertility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of intervention programs in schools to reduce screen time: a meta-analysis.
Associations of general parenting and parent-child relationship with pediatric obesity: a meta-analysis.
Epidural analgesia versus intravenous patient-controlled analgesia following minimally invasive pectus excavatum repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Minimally invasive versus open repair of Bochdalek hernia: a meta-analysis.
The effect of flapless surgery on implant survival and marginal bone level: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of mindfulness-based stress reduction and mindfulness based cognitive therapy in vascular disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Evidence for the effectiveness of walking training on walking and self-care after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Influence of strength training variables on strength gains in adults over 55 years-old: a meta-analysis of dose-response relationships.
Perioperative and long-term clinical outcomes for bone morphogenetic protein versus iliac crest bone graft for lumbar fusion in degenerative disk disease: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Risk of stroke in patients with patent foramen ovale: an updated meta-analysis of observational studies.
Prevalence of Fabry disease in stroke patients--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis of studies comparing intraoperative neuromonitoring of recurrent laryngeal nerves versus visualization alone during thyroidectomy.
Influence of sex on risk of bleeding in anticoagulated patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Platelet-reactivity tests identify patients at risk of secondary cardiovascular events: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of low molecular weight heparin in patients with mechanical heart valves: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of perioperative and oncologic outcomes of laparoscopic cryoablation versus laparoscopic partial nephrectomy for the treatment of small renal tumors.
Meta-analysis of observational studies: hepatitis C and survival after renal transplant.
Effect of drinking on all-cause mortality in women compared with men: a meta-analysis.
Coronary artery bypass graft surgery versus percutaneous coronary intervention with first-generation drug-eluting stents: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor blockers on all-cause mortality, cardiovascular deaths, and cardiovascular events in patients with diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Reappraisal of routine oral care with chlorhexidine gluconate for patients receiving mechanical ventilation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between peer victimization, cyberbullying, and suicide in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of outcomes of synthetic mesh vs suture repair of elective primary ventral herniorrhaphy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of herpes/herpes zoster during anti-tumor necrosis factor therapy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does overweight affect outcomes in patients undergoing gastrectomy for cancer? A  meta-analysis of 25 cohort studies.
Anatomic single- versus double-bundle ACL reconstruction: a meta-analysis.
Amlodipine and cardiovascular outcomes in hypertensive patients: meta-analysis comparing amlodipine-based versus other antihypertensive therapy.
Effectiveness of neuraminidase inhibitors in reducing mortality in patients admitted to hospital with influenza A H1N1pdm09 virus infection: a meta-analysis  of individual participant data.
Preventing pharyngo-cutaneous fistula in total laryngectomy: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Evidence supporting contemporary post-operative radiation therapy (PORT) using linear accelerators in N2 lung cancer.
Vitamin D and brain volumetric changes: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Decisive evidence on a smaller-than-you-think phenomenon: revisiting the "1-in-X" effect on subjective medical probabilities.
Relationships between TCF7L2 genetic polymorphisms and polycystic ovary syndrome  risk: a meta-analysis.
FTO gene variant and risk of hypertension: a meta-analysis of 57,464 hypertensive cases and 41,256 controls.
High-volume hemofiltration in critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of gabapentin for treatment of postherpetic neuralgia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 polymorphisms in patients with Behçet disease:  a meta-analysis.
CD14 -159C/T polymorphism contributes to the susceptibility to tuberculosis: evidence from pooled 1,700 cases and 1,816 controls.
SELP genetic polymorphisms may contribute to the pathogenesis of coronary heart disease and myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Multivariate meta-analysis of the association of G-protein beta 3 gene (GNB3) haplotypes with cardiovascular phenotypes.
Correlations of SELE genetic polymorphisms with risk of coronary heart disease and myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between common interleukin-1 polymorphisms and dental implant failure.
Childhood maltreatment and obesity: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol intake and risk of Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of observational  studies.
Progression-free survival as a surrogate endpoint for overall survival in glioblastoma: a literature-based meta-analysis from 91 trials.
[Postoperative bed header position after burr-hole drainage of chronic subdural haematoma: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials].
COMT Val158Met and PPARγ Pro12Ala polymorphisms and susceptibility to Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies indicates that an increase of cognitive difficulty during executive tasks engages brain regions associated with time perception.
The association of the BDNF Val66Met polymorphism and the hippocampal volumes in  healthy humans: a joint meta-analysis of published and new data.
Prefrontal cortex and executive functions in healthy adults: a meta-analysis of structural neuroimaging studies.
Fractionating theory of mind: a meta-analysis of functional brain imaging studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of 'Systems for Social Processes' in eating disorders.
Minimally invasive spine surgery for adult degenerative lumbar scoliosis.
[Treatment outcome and failure pattern of olfactory neuroblastoma: a clinical analysis of 14 cases and meta-analysis of Japanese cases].
Comparative survival analysis of adjuvant therapy with iodine-131-labeled lipiodol to hepatic resection of primary hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Effects of Omega-3 fatty acid on major cardiovascular events and mortality in patients with coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Dairy foods and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Association of fructose consumption and components of metabolic syndrome in human studies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Flavonol intake and stroke risk: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
A meta-analysis of the relationship among impaired taste and treatment, treatment type, and tumor site in head and neck cancer treatment survivors.
The role of the PTEN/PI3K/Akt pathway on prognosis in epithelial ovarian cancer:  a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography for  advanced retinoblastoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Overweight, obesity, and age-related cataract: a meta-analysis.
Management of radiotherapy-induced salivary hypofunction and consequent xerostomia in patients with oral or head and neck cancer: meta-analysis and literature review.
The diagnostic test accuracy of ultrasound for the detection of lateral epicondylitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Operative versus nonoperative treatment in complex proximal humeral fractures.
Large scale meta-analysis of urinary C-terminal telopeptide, serum cartilage oligomeric protein and matrix metalloprotease degraded type II collagen and their role in prevalence, incidence and progression of osteoarthritis.
Additive effects of antiresorptive agents and exercise on lumbar spine bone mineral density in adults with low bone mass: a meta-analysis.
Carbon dioxide laser versus stapler-assisted endoscopic Zenker's diverticulotomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dexamethasone, ondansetron, and their combination and postoperative nausea and vomiting in children undergoing strabismus surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Sex differences in experimental pain among healthy children: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between NQO1 C609T variation and acute myeloid leukemia risk.
A systematic review of physical activity and sedentary behavior intervention studies in youth with type 1 diabetes: study characteristics, intervention design, and efficacy.
The effect of physical training on heart rate variability in healthy children: a  systematic review with meta-analysis.
Gastrointestinal symptoms in autism spectrum disorder: a meta-analysis.
Childhood sexual abuse and suicidal behavior: a meta-analysis.
Technology-enhanced simulation and pediatric education: a meta-analysis.
Maternal obesity and infant mortality: a meta-analysis.
Video games do affect social outcomes: a meta-analytic review of the effects of violent and prosocial video game play.
Hospital admissions/visits associated with drug-drug interactions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of HLA-B*57:01 screening for the prediction of abacavir hypersensitivity and clinical utility of the test: a meta-analytic review.
Effect of kinesiology taping on pain in individuals with musculoskeletal injuries: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Are curcuminoids effective C-reactive protein-lowering agents in clinical practice? Evidence from a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of distraction osteogenesis in hand surgery: what are the benefits, complication rates, and duration of treatment?
Bayesian test for colocalisation between pairs of genetic association studies using summary statistics.
Fecal contamination of drinking-water in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Which polyunsaturated fatty acids are active in children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder receiving PUFA supplementation? A fatty acid validated meta-regression analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effects of psychotherapy on depression among racial-ethnic minority groups: a metaregression analysis.
The (non)relation between empathy and aggression: surprising results from a meta-analysis.
The predictive validity of ideal partner preferences: a review and meta-analysis.
Antidepressant pretreatment for the prevention of interferon alfa-associated depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis shows clinically relevant and long-lasting deterioration in health-related quality of life after esophageal cancer surgery.
Oral Chinese herbal medicine for improvement of quality of life in patients with  chronic heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of pharmacotherapy for anxiety disorders on quality of life: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis shows clinically relevant and long-lasting deterioration in health-related quality of life after esophageal cancer surgery.
Statins use and the risk of acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis.
Tiotropium versus placebo for inadequately controlled asthma: a meta-analysis.
Physical training and noninvasive ventilation in COPD patients: a meta-analysis.
Maintenance therapy of lupus nephritis with mycophenolate or azathioprine: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does vitamin E improve the outcomes of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is levofloxacin-based triple therapy an alternative for first-line eradication of Helicobacter pylori? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of health effects of randomized controlled worksite interventions: does social stratification matter?
Occurrence of delayed-onset post-traumatic stress disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
A meta-analysis of mentalizing impairments in adults with schizophrenia and autism spectrum disorder.
Neurological soft signs are not "soft" in brain structure and functional networks: evidence from ALE meta-analysis.
Cytokine function in medication-naive first episode psychosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Smoking and risk of venous thromboembolism: a systematic review.
Aerobic interval training vs. moderate continuous training in coronary artery disease patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive impairment and risk of stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Nontechnical skills performance and care processes in the management of the acute trauma patient.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: Patient and programme impact of fixed-dose combination antiretroviral therapy.
The Glu298Asp polymorphism in the NOS3 gene and the risk of prostate cancer.
The efficacy of bevacizumab plus paclitaxel as first-line treatment for HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled  trials.
Lack of association between vitamin D receptor gene ApaI, BsmI, and TaqI polymorphisms and primary biliary cirrhosis risk: a meta-analysis.
Benefit of radiotherapy on survival in resectable gastric carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between -174G>C and -634C>G polymorphisms in interleukin-6 promoter region and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 Arg194Trp polymorphism and prostate cancer risk.
Association of p53 codon 72 polymorphism with prostate cancer: an update meta-analysis.
Positive association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and oral cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of XRCC1 polymorphisms with thyroid cancer risk.
VEGF +405G/C (rs2010963) polymorphisms and digestive system cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The prognosis and clinicopathology of CXCR4 in gastric cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
GH1 T1663A polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Lack of association between IL-4 -588C>T polymorphism and NHL susceptibility.
The CYP1B1 Leu432Val polymorphism and risk of urinary system cancers.
DNA repair gene ERCC1 polymorphisms may contribute to the risk of glioma.
Clinicopathological and prognostic significance of HER2 overexpression in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Association between p53 codon 72 polymorphism and sarcoma risk among Caucasians.
Gene-environment interactions on the risk of esophageal cancer among Asian populations with the G48A polymorphism in the alcohol dehydrogenase-2 gene: a meta-analysis.
The effect of CYP1A1 and CYP1A2 polymorphisms on gastric cancer risk among different ethnicities: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association of XRCC1 rs1799782 genetic polymorphism with risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Clinicopathological and prognostic significance of hypoxia-inducible factor-1α in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Hypoxia-inducible factor-1α (HIF-1α) C1772T polymorphism significantly contributes to the risk of malignancy from a meta-analysis.
The association between the APE1 Asp148Glu polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on case-control studies.
Association between estrogen receptor alpha PvuII polymorphism and prostate cancer risk.
Low circulating adiponectin levels in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: an updated meta-analysis.
Association between cytochrome P450 2C9 gene polymorphisms and colorectal cancer  susceptibility: evidence from 16 case-control studies.
Interleukin-6 -634C/G polymorphism is associated with lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and cancer risk.
Quantitative assessment of the effect of glutathione S-transferase genes GSTM1 and GSTT1 on hepatocellular carcinoma risk.
Diagnostic value of alpha-L-fucosidase for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Elastography for the differentiation of benign and malignant liver lesions: a meta-analysis.
MGMT Leu84Phe gene polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
MTHFR genetic polymorphisms may contribute to the risk of chronic myelogenous leukemia in adults: a meta-analysis of 12 genetic association studies.
MDM2 SNP309T>G polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Risk of severe diarrhea with dual anti-HER2 therapies: a meta-analysis.
Associations between Fas/FasL polymorphisms and susceptibility to cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Common variation rs6983267 at 8q24.1 and risk of colorectal adenoma and cancer: evidence based on 31 studies.
Ultrasonographic measurement of the respiratory variation in the inferior vena cava diameter is predictive of fluid responsiveness in critically ill patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
First-trimester uterine artery Doppler and adverse pregnancy outcome: a meta-analysis involving 55,974 women.
[Correlation between resilience and social support in Chinese children: a meta-analysis].
Sublobectomy versus lobectomy for stage IA (T1a) non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis study.
Blastocyst transfer ameliorates live birth rate compared with cleavage-stage embryos transfer in fresh in vitro fertilization or intracytoplasmic sperm injection cycles: reviews and meta-analysis.
[Effectiveness of manual therapy and traction for lumbar disc herniation: a meta-analysis].
[Clinical effectiveness and safety of combined therapy with alpha-blocker and an  anticholinergic drug for bladder outlet obstruction with overactive bladder: a Meta-analysis of outcomes].
[Comparison of total disc replacement versus fusion for lumbar degenerative disc  disease: a Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
[Medial approach versus lateral approach in laparoscopic colorectal resection: a  meta-analysis].
[A meta analysis of the effect of enhanced hand hygiene on the morbidity of ventilator-associated pneumonia].
[Effect of native aortic valve sparing aortic root reconstruction surgery on short- and long-term prognosis in Marfan syndrome patients:a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing selective laser trabeculoplasty with prostaglandin analogue in the primary treatment of open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertention].
The effectiveness of shoe insoles for the prevention and treatment of low back pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Higher dietary folate intake reduces the breast cancer risk: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Cyclooxygenase inhibitors use is associated with reduced risk of esophageal adenocarcinoma in patients with Barrett's esophagus: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of human papillomavirus among oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma cases: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A life history theory of father absence and menarche: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin A and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
[Infection rate of human papillomavirus and its association with laryngeal cancer in Chinese: a meta-analysis].
Discrepancies in autologous bone marrow stem cell trials and enhancement of ejection fraction (DAMASCENE): weighted regression and meta-analysis.
Safety of soya-based infant formulas in children.
Tea consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes: a dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of traditional Chinese medicine formula Ganmai Dazao decoction for depression.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the duration of clinical effect of onabotulinumtoxinA in cervical dystonia.
Avascular necrosis in proximal humeral fractures in patients treated with operative fixation: a meta-analysis.
Robotic-assisted versus laparoscopic colorectal surgery: a meta-analysis of four  randomized controlled trials.
Association between aspirin use and age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis.
Impact of viral load and the duration of primary infection on HIV transmission: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Leisure-time physical activity and the risk of metabolic syndrome: meta-analysis.
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma and occupational exposure to agricultural pesticide chemical groups and active ingredients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lung ultrasound for the diagnosis of pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Hepatotoxicity in patients treated with endothelin receptor antagonists: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials].
Stroke and nonstroke brain attacks in children.
Association between homocysteine status and the risk of nephropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Soluble transferrin receptor in complicated anemia.
Direct decompressive surgery followed by radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for metastatic epidural spinal cord compression: a meta-analysis.
Smoking at time of diagnosis and breast cancer-specific survival: new findings and systematic review with meta-analysis.
The expression of miR-21 and miR-375 predict prognosis of esophageal cancer.
LAPTM4B polymorphism increases susceptibility to multiple cancers in Chinese populations: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of N-acetylcysteine in preventing atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials.
Maternal body mass index and the risk of fetal death, stillbirth, and infant death: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical correlates of acute mortality in takotsubo cardiomyopathy.
Meta-analysis of outcomes after intravascular ultrasound-guided versus angiography-guided drug-eluting stent implantation in 26,503 patients enrolled in three randomized trials and 14 observational studies.
Obesity as a risk factor for sciatica: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of point-of-care tests for detecting albuminuria: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Can cholesterol be used to distinguish pleural exudates from transudates? evidence from a bivariate meta-analysis.
Incretin treatment and risk of pancreatitis in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised and non-randomised studies.
Chronic hypertension and pregnancy outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of antibiotics on growth in children in low and middle income countries: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies a novel locus at 17q11.2 associated with sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Bariatric surgery and its impact on cardiovascular disease and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of new oral anticoagulants in patients with atrial fibrillation previously treated with warfarin: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Safety and efficacy of degradable vs. permanent polymer drug-eluting stents: a meta-analysis of 18,395 patients from randomized trials.
Prader Willi syndrome and obstructive sleep apnea: co-occurrence in the pediatric population.
Blood pressure improvement with continuous positive airway pressure is independent of obstructive sleep apnea severity.
Geographical variation in Plasmodium vivax relapse.
Meta-analysis on the association between pathologic complete response and triple-negative breast cancer after neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Coffee consumption and total mortality: a meta-analysis of twenty prospective cohort studies.
Urinary nerve growth factor levels could be a biomarker for overactive bladder symptom: a meta-analysis.
Relations of change in plasma levels of LDL-C, non-HDL-C and apoB with risk reduction from statin therapy: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Effect of precut sphincterotomy on post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Extent of lymphadenectomy and perioperative therapies: two open issues in gastric cancer.
Effect of statin therapy on mortality from infection and sepsis: a meta-analysis  of randomized and observational studies.
Biological variability in biomechanical engineering research: Significance and meta-analysis of current modeling practices.
Mini-plate versus Kirschner wire internal fixation for treatment of metacarpal and phalangeal fractures in Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis comparing studies with and without biological flaws.
Psychosocial interventions for children exposed to traumatic events in low- and middle-income countries: study protocol of an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Endoscopic versus microscopic transsphenoidal pituitary adenoma surgery: a meta-analysis.
Obesity survival paradox in pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Quantification of cancer risk of each clinical and ultrasonographic suspicious feature of thyroid nodules: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Improving blood pressure control through pharmacist interventions: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between DAZL polymorphisms and susceptibility to male infertility: systematic review with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
Effect of screening sigmoidoscopy and screening colonoscopy on colorectal cancer  incidence and mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials and observational studies.
Epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors vs conventional chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer harboring wild-type epidermal growth factor receptor: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of dietary interventions among adults of retirement age: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Neurobehavioral consequences of chronic intrauterine opioid exposure in infants and preschool children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of the vitamin D receptor gene and the risk of inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of preclinical studies of mesenchymal stromal cells for ischemic stroke.
Exploring the heterogeneity of effects of corticosteroids on acute respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence based medicine and surgical approaches for colon cancer: evidences, benefits and limitations of the laparoscopic vs open resection.
Formal and informal prediction of recurrent stroke and myocardial infarction after stroke: a systematic review and evaluation of clinical prediction models in a new cohort.
Birth Preparedness and Complication Readiness (BPCR) interventions to reduce maternal and neonatal mortality in developing countries: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies 1q22 as a susceptibility locus for intracerebral hemorrhage.
A comparison of the prevalence of prenatal alcohol exposure obtained via maternal self-reports versus meconium testing: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Risk prediction for late-stage ovarian cancer by meta-analysis of 1525 patient samples.
Comparative meta-analysis of prognostic gene signatures for late-stage ovarian cancer.
SLC6A3 is a risk factor for Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of sixteen years' studies.
The association between physical activity and bladder cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk and prognosis of ovarian cancer in women with endometriosis: a meta-analysis.
Is personality associated with cancer incidence and mortality? An individual-participant meta-analysis of 2156 incident cancer cases among 42,843 men and women.
Risk of bladder cancer in renal transplant recipients: a meta-analysis.
Health care-associated infection after red blood cell transfusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
No benefit to prehospital initiation of therapeutic hypothermia in out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Probiotics for childhood functional gastrointestinal disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic efficacy of PET and PET/CT for recurrent lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on blood transcriptomic studies identifies consistently coexpressed protein-protein interaction modules as robust markers of human aging.
Diagnostic accuracy of sonoelastography in detecting malignant thyroid nodules: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: the relationship between chronic Salmonella typhi carrier status and gall-bladder cancer.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: the declining risk of colorectal cancer in  ulcerative colitis.
Systematic review with network meta-analysis: the efficacy of anti-tumour necrosis factor-alpha agents for the treatment of ulcerative colitis.
The risk of asthma exacerbation after reducing inhaled corticosteroids: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Clinical outcomes after hybrid coronary revascularization versus coronary artery  bypass surgery: a meta-analysis of 1,190 patients.
Meta-analysis of the effect of statins on mortality in patients with preserved ejection fraction.
Meta-analysis of risk of stroke or transient ischemic attack with dabigatran for  atrial fibrillation ablation.
BMI and all-cause mortality in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Loss of CDC14B expression in clear cell renal cell carcinoma: meta-analysis of microarray data sets.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of miscarriage and maternal exposure to tobacco smoke during pregnancy.
Management of gastrointestinal angiodysplastic lesions (GIADs): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The problem of Helicobacter pylori resistance to antibiotics: a systematic review in Latin America.
Association between depression and mortality in patients receiving long-term dialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Residential traffic exposure and childhood leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comprehensive meta-analysis of excess mortality in depression in the general community versus patients with specific illnesses.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials on single-incision laparoscopic versus conventional laparoscopic appendectomy.
Comparison of laparoscopic versus open procedure in the treatment of recurrent inguinal hernia: a meta-analysis of the results.
Meta-analysis of retrojugular versus antejugular approach for carotid endarterectomy.
Impact of preoperative diabetes on long-term survival after curative resection of pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of graft patency between off-pump and on-pump coronary artery bypass grafting: an updated meta-analysis.
Influence of feeding state on neurofunctional differences between individuals who are obese and normal weight: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
HLA-DR polymorphism and primary biliary cirrhosis: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of endoscopic versus open carpal tunnel decompression.
Physical exercise interventions for improving performance-based measures of physical function in community-dwelling, frail older adults: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Dietary interventions and blood pressure in Latin America - systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy versus minilaparotomy in cholelithiasis: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Risk of infertility in patients with celiac disease: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Overall and cause-specific mortality in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Assessment of osteoarthritis candidate genes in a meta-analysis of nine genome-wide association studies.
Methotrexate and lung disease in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Impact of new oral or intravenous P2Y12 inhibitors and clopidogrel on major ischemic and bleeding events in patients with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Intramyocardial autologous bone marrow cell transplantation for ischemic heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis on the effect of mental imagery on motor recovery of the hemiplegic upper extremity function.
Efficacy and safety of biologic therapies for systemic lupus erythematosus treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Performance of reversed transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification technique detecting EV71: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
When is birthweight at term abnormally low? A systematic review and meta-analysis of the association and predictive ability of current birthweight standards for neonatal outcomes.
Prolapse surgery with or without stress incontinence surgery for pelvic organ prolapse: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Vitamin D and risk of cause specific death: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational cohort and randomised intervention studies.
Reducing unnecessary urinary catheter use and other strategies to prevent catheter-associated urinary tract infection: an integrative review.
Cardiac complications associated with goal-directed therapy in high-risk surgical patients: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of wound drains after thyroid surgery.
The clinical utility of the auditory P300 latency subcomponent event-related potential in preclinical diagnosis of patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Working memory improvement with non-invasive brain stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Digoxin use and risk of invasive breast cancer: evidence from the Nurses' Health  Study and meta-analysis.
Surgical management of breast cancer in BRCA-mutation carriers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The value of platinum agents as neoadjuvant chemotherapy in triple-negative breast cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Axillary concordance between superficial and deep sentinel node mapping material  injections in breast cancer patients: systematic review and meta-analysis of the  literature.
Comparison of propofol and volatile agents for maintenance of anesthesia during elective craniotomy procedures: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the diagnostic accuracy of cardiovascular magnetic resonance for pulmonary hypertension.
Caffeine intake and atrial fibrillation incidence: dose response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Vitrectomy for diabetic macular edema: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of the laparoendoscopic single site totally extraperitoneal approach to  inguinal hernia repairs: a review and meta-analysis of the literature.
STK15 rs2273535 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 74,896 subjects.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of thermal ablation versus surgical nephrectomy for small renal tumours.
Early invasive versus selectively invasive strategy in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome: impact of age.
Comparative efficacy of triptans for the abortive treatment of migraine: a multiple treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Adverse respiratory effect of acute β-blocker exposure in asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of CPAP on blood pressure in patients with OSA/hypopnea a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic third ventriculostomy with/without choroid plexus cauterization for hydrocephalus due to hemorrhage, infection, Dandy-Walker malformation, and neural tube defect: a meta-analysis.
Risk of hypertension in cancer patients treated with aflibercept: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
(131)I-MIBG therapy for malignant paraganglioma and phaeochromocytoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term immune responses to vaccination in HIV-infected patients: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Qutenza (capsaicin) 8% patch onset and duration of response and effects of multiple treatments in neuropathic pain patients.
Obesity is associated with increased relative risk of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
FDG PET is a robust tool for the diagnosis of spondylodiscitis: a meta-analysis of diagnostic data.
Does intravenous fish oil benefit patients post-surgery? A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The presence and effect of bias in trials of early enteral nutrition in critical  care.
Remission from post-traumatic stress disorder in adults: a systematic review and  meta-analysis of long term outcome studies.
Raltitrexed-based chemotherapy for advanced colorectal cancer.
Meta-analysis of MTHFR C677T and A1298C gene polymorphisms: association with the  risk of hepatocellular carcinoma.
XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and gastric cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy for allergic asthma: retrospective meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and placebo-controlled trials.
Long-acting versus standard non-ergot dopamine agonists in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Single incision laparoscopic right colectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori infection and normal colorectal mucosa-adenomatous polyp-adenocarcinoma sequence: a meta-analysis of 27 case-control studies.
Meta-analysis of Chinese herbal Xiaoyao formula as an adjuvant treatment in relieving depression in Chinese patients.
Safflower yellow for acute ischemic stroke: A systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Liberal versus restricted fluid resuscitation strategies in trauma patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and observational studies*.
Transradial approach versus transfemoral approach for coronary angiography and coronary angioplasty.
Diabetes prevention in the real world: effectiveness of pragmatic lifestyle interventions for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and of the impact of adherence to guideline recommendations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness of insulin degludec compared with insulin glargine for patients with type 2 diabetes treated with basal insulin - from the UK health care cost perspective.
Prevalence, trends and risk factors for the diabetes epidemic in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Commercial nucleic acid amplification tests in tuberculous meningitis--a meta-analysis.
Confocal laser endomicroscopy for detection of neoplasia in Barrett's esophagus:  a meta-analysis.
Four polymorphisms of VEGF (+405C>G, -460T>C, -2578C>A, and -1154G>A) in susceptibility to psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Role of CDH1 promoter polymorphism and DNA methylation in bladder carcinogenesis: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of osteoporosis in prostate cancer survivors: a meta-analysis.
The association of SCGB3A2 polymorphisms with the risk of Graves' disease: a meta-analysis.
Impact of intracoronary bone marrow cell therapy on left ventricular function in  the setting of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a collaborative meta-analysis.
Electrical stimulation vs. standard care for chronic ulcer healing: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Predictors for dose reduction of antiviral therapy in older patients infected with hepatitis C virus: a meta-regression analysis.
Effect of fructose on markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials.
An integrated systematic review and meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials evaluating nasogastric against postpyloris (nasoduodenal and nasojejunal) feeding in critically ill patients admitted in intensive care unit.
Dietary magnesium intake is inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein levels: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Treatment-related mortality with aflibercept in cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
The role of venous blood gas in the emergency department: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of gastric precancerous conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Utility of confocal laser endomicroscopy in identifying high-grade dysplasia and  adenocarcinoma in Barrett's esophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Off-hour presentation and outcomes in patients with acute ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
First versus second stage C/S maternal and neonatal morbidity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 4G/5G and the MTHFR 677C/T polymorphisms and susceptibility to polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of non-surgical maxillary expansion: a meta-analysis.
Unilateral versus bilateral fixation for lumbar spinal fusion: a systemic review  and meta-analysis.
Antegrade intramedullary nailing for fifth metacarpal neck fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparing locking plate fixation with hemiarthroplasty for complex  proximal humeral fractures.
Risk factors for ventilator-associated pneumonia in the neonatal intensive care unit: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
What proportion of symptomatic side effects in patients taking statins are genuinely caused by the drug? Systematic review of randomized placebo-controlled  trials to aid individual patient choice.
Biodegradable versus durable polymer drug eluting stents in coronary artery disease: insights from a meta-analysis of 5,834 patients.
Benefit from synchronous portal-superior mesenteric vein resection during pancreaticoduodenectomy for cancer: a meta-analysis.
Telomere length in circulating leukocytes is associated with lung function and disease.
Reporting quality of diagnostic accuracy studies: a systematic review and meta-analysis of investigations on adherence to STARD.
Sex differences in behavioral outcome following neonatal hypoxia ischemia: insights from a clinical meta-analysis and a rodent model of induced hypoxic ischemic brain injury.
The effect of XPD/ERCC2 Lys751Gln polymorphism on acute leukemia risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between complement factor H Val62Ile polymorphism and age-related macular degeneration susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
DNA repair pathway genes and lung cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
MHC associations with clinical and autoantibody manifestations in European SLE.
Roles of three common VEGF polymorphisms in the risk of age-related macular degeneration.
Relationship of PTTG expression with tumor invasiveness and microvessel density of pituitary adenomas: a meta-analysis.
Temporal profiling of cytokine-induced genes in pancreatic β-cells by meta-analysis and network inference.
Dose-response meta-analysis on coffee, tea and caffeine consumption with risk of  Parkinson's disease.
Proton pump inhibitors and the risk of hospitalisation for community-acquired pneumonia: replicated cohort studies with meta-analysis.
Effect of gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonists on intrauterine insemination cycles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Intratumoral vessel density as prognostic factors in head and neck squamous cell  carcinoma: a meta-analysis of literature.
An assessment of the cost-effectiveness of magnetic resonance, including diffusion-weighted imaging, in patients with transient ischaemic attack and minor stroke: a systematic review, meta-analysis and economic evaluation.
Risk of drug-induced liver injury with the new oral anticoagulants: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Amplatzer PFO occluder device may prevent recurrent stroke in patients with patent foramen ovale and cryptogenic stroke: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Effect of extraperitoneal bupivacaine analgesia in laparoscopic inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of clinical efficacy of sildenafil, a phosphodiesterase type-5 inhibitor on high altitude hypoxia and its complications.
The association of CXCR4 expression with prognosis and clinicopathological indicators in colorectal carcinoma patients: a meta-analysis.
The functional neuroanatomy of male psychosexual and physiosexual arousal: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Segregating cognitive functions within hippocampal formation: a quantitative meta-analysis on spatial navigation and episodic memory.
Association of KCNQ1 and KLF14 polymorphisms and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A global meta-analysis.
Multistage genome-wide association meta-analyses identified two new loci for bone mineral density.
No evidence for shared genetic basis of common variants in multiple sclerosis and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Influenza and congenital anomalies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of human papillomaviruses in semen: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between transportation noise and cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of cross-sectional studies among adult populations from 1980 to 2010.
Association between Fc-gamma receptor IIa (CD32) gene polymorphism and malaria susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on 6928 subjects.
Intramedullary nailing versus plating for extra-articular distal tibial metaphyseal fracture: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of mepivacaine compared with lidocaine in local anaesthesia in dentistry: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Baseline prevalence of antimicrobial resistance and subsequent infection following prostate biopsy using empirical or altered prophylaxis: A bias-adjusted meta-analysis.
Evidence-based hydro- and balneotherapy in Hungary--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
PDE5 inhibitor sildenafil in the treatment of heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk of osteonecrosis of the jaw in cancer patients receiving denosumab: a meta-analysis of seven randomized controlled trials.
Preventing the onset of major depressive disorder: a meta-analytic review of psychological interventions.
The global prevalence of common mental disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis 1980-2013.
Cultural concepts of distress and psychiatric disorders: literature review and research recommendations for global mental health epidemiology.
Risk factors for severe perineal lacerations during childbirth.
Toll-like receptor 4 gene Asp299Gly polymorphism in ischemic cerebrovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Association between Alzheimer's disease and the NOS3 gene Glu298Asp polymorphism.
Protection of ovarian function by GnRH agonists during chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Sexual and physical abuse in childhood is associated with depression and anxiety  over the life course: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Chlamydia pneumoniae infection and cerebral infarction risk: a meta-analysis.
Endovascular treatment for acute ischemic stroke in octogenarians compared with younger patients: a meta-analysis.
Value of procalcitonin in differentiating pulmonary tuberculosis from other pulmonary infections: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the accuracy of the Addenbrooke's Cognitive Examination (ACE)  and the Addenbrooke's Cognitive Examination-Revised (ACE-R) in the detection of dementia.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of new onset hypertension after extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy.
A meta-analysis of large randomized trials for mid-term major cardio- and cerebrovascular events following off-pump versus on-pump coronary artery bypass grafting.
The effects of psychotherapies for major depression in adults on remission, recovery and improvement: a meta-analysis.
Maternal anxiety during pregnancy and adverse birth outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Effectiveness and acceptability of deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the subgenual  cingulate cortex for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and exploratory meta-analysis.
The DRD2 rs1800497 polymorphism increase the risk of mood disorder: evidence from an update meta-analysis.
An update on the treatment of mixed bipolar states: what is new in 2013?
A meta-analysis of the risk of major affective disorder in relatives of individuals affected by major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder.
Polysomnographic features of early-onset depression: a meta-analysis.
Role of human papillomavirus in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Effects of sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacological and nonpharmacological prevention of fentanyl-induced cough: a meta-analysis.
Antibiotics and hospital-acquired Clostridium difficile infection: update of systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antiepileptic medications in autism spectrum disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maternal diabetes and the risk of autism spectrum disorders in the offspring: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Strain counterstrain technique to decrease tender point palpation pain compared to control conditions: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Association between HLA-G 14-bp insertion/deletion polymorphism and cancer risk:  a meta-analysis.
IL-17A G197A and IL-17F T7488C polymorphisms and cancer risk in Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of traditional Chinese Medicine as an adjunctive therapy in nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the risk of total cardiovascular events of isosmolar iodixanol compared with low-osmolar contrast media.
Effects of adding statins before surgery on mortality and major morbidity: a meta-analysis.
Benefits from new ADP antagonists as compared with clopidogrel in patients with stable angina or acute coronary syndrome undergoing invasive management: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The accuracy of thyroid nodule ultrasound to predict thyroid cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic markers of toxicity from capecitabine and other fluorouracil-based regimens: investigation in the QUASAR2 study, systematic review, and meta-analysis.
Outcomes of autotransplanted teeth with complete root formation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does enamel matrix derivative application provide additional clinical benefits in residual periodontal pockets associated with suprabony defects? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Efficacy of alcohol interventions for first-year college students: a meta-analytic review of randomized controlled trials.
The impact of counselor self-disclosure on clients: a meta-analytic review of experimental and quasi-experimental research.
Comparison of the safety and efficacy of propofol with midazolam for sedation of  patients with severe traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis.
Co-administration of furosemide with albumin for overcoming diuretic resistance in patients with hypoalbuminemia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of bonding effectiveness to zirconia ceramics.
The efficacy and safety of 5α-reductase inhibitors in androgenetic alopecia: a network meta-analysis and benefit-risk assessment of finasteride and dutasteride.
Socioeconomic disadvantage and disease-specific mortality in Asia: systematic review with meta-analysis of population-based cohort studies.
Impact of rapid on-site evaluation on the adequacy of endoscopic-ultrasound guided fine-needle aspiration of solid pancreatic lesions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor gene and risk of primary biliary cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt in combination with or without variceal embolization for the prevention of variceal rebleeding: a meta-analysis.
Association of Ureaplasma urealyticum colonization with development of bronchopulmonary dysplasia: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Interplay of overweight and insulin resistance on hypertension development.
Recombinant luteinizing hormone priming in early follicular phase for women undergoing in vitro fertilization: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of selective arrhythmogenic pulmonary veins isolation versus empirical all pulmonary veins isolation for atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized and observational studies.
Are dual-chamber implantable cardioverter-defibrillators really better than single-chamber ones? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of metabolic syndrome on the risk of atrial fibrillation recurrence after  catheter ablation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic hepatectomy for liver metastases from colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Pleiotropic associations of risk variants identified for other cancers with lung  cancer risk: the PAGE and TRICL consortia.
Diagnostic value of phospholipase A2 receptor in idiopathic membranous nephropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and risk of stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnosing flow residuals in coiled cerebral aneurysms by MR angiography: meta-analysis.
Stereotactic radiosurgery of brainstem cavernous malformations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of bone marrow mononuclear stem cell therapy on left ventricular function and myocardial perfusion.
Efficacy and safety of intravaginal misoprostol versus intracervical dinoprostone for labor induction at term: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Spatial-temporal gait characteristics in individuals with hip osteoarthritis: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis of the efficacy of opioid analgesics for the management of breakthrough cancer pain episodes.
Meta analysis of robot-assisted versus conventional laparoscopic fundoplication in children.
Inflammatory markers in cord blood or maternal serum for early detection of neonatal sepsis-a systemic review and meta-analysis.
The influence of implant diameter on its survival: a meta-analysis based on prospective clinical trials.
Exploring the relationship between cognitive illness representations and poor emotional health and their combined association with diabetes self-care. A systematic review with meta-analysis.
Relationship between PPARγ Pro12Ala gene polymorphism and type 2 diabetic nephropathy risk in Asian population: results from a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of oral non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for rotator cuff tendinopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical and structural outcomes after arthroscopic single-row versus double-row  rotator cuff repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis of level I randomized  clinical trials.
Radiofrequency-assisted versus clamp-crush liver resection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of banxiaxiexin tang on treatment of functional dyspepsia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Qingkailing injection for the treatment of acute stroke: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
The association between nocturia and nocturnal polyuria in clinical and epidemiological studies: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
Urinary incontinence incidence: quantitative meta-analysis of factors that explain variation.
Bayesian network meta-analysis of nitinol stents, covered stents, drug-eluting stents, and drug-coated balloons in the femoropopliteal artery.
The interferon-gamma (IFN-γ) +874T allele reduces the risk of hepatitis B infection in an Asian population.
Changes of natriuretic peptides predict hospital admissions in patients with chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis.
International prevalence of indoor tanning: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Primary cutaneous mucinous carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of outcomes after surgery.
Vegetarian diets and blood pressure: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the influence of peritoneal dialysis catheter type on complication rate and catheter survival.
Ranibizumab treatment in age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis of one-year results.
The effect of vitamin D supplementation on skeletal, vascular, or cancer outcomes: a trial sequential meta-analysis.
Leukapheresis and low-dose chemotherapy do not reduce early mortality in acute myeloid leukemia hyperleukocytosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Operative outcomes of adult living donor liver transplantation and deceased donor liver transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Therapeutic vaccination for non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Influence of apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism on development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis of 29 studies.
A simple plaster for screening for diabetic neuropathy: a diagnostic test accuracy systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety assessment of isolated ultrafiltration compared to intravenous diuretics for acutely decompensated heart failure: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
MicroRNA-499 rs3746444 polymorphism and autoimmune diseases risk: a meta-analysis.
Treatments to slow progression of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Effect of linaclotide in irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS-C): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prehypertension and the risk of stroke: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of theory of mind difficulties in behavioural-variant frontotemporal dementia.
Systematic review and metanalysis on community based interventions in tuberculosis care in developing countries.
Detection of residual tumor following radiofrequency ablation of liver metastases using 18F-FDG PET/PET-CT: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of 14 trials comparing bypass grafting vs drug-eluting stents in diabetic patients with multivessel coronary artery disease.
Trend in the prevalence of obesity and overweight among Iranian children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gestational weight gain in relation to offspring obesity over the life course: a  systematic review and bias-adjusted meta-analysis.
Does patient compliance with follow-up influence weight loss after gastric bypass surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early impact of bariatric surgery on type II diabetes, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia: a systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression on 6,587 patients.
Obesity and mental disorders during pregnancy and postpartum: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Loop electrosurgical excision procedure and risk of preterm birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of poor health on exit from paid employment: a systematic review.
Fluorescein-tear breakup time as an assessment of efficacy of tear replacement therapy in dry eye patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
PAX6 gene associated with high myopia: a meta-analysis.
Alcohol drinking and upper aerodigestive tract cancer mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of tea consumption and the risk of oral cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on outcomes for endoscopic versus external dacryocystorhinostomy.
A meta-analysis of reamed versus unreamed intramedullary nailing for the treatment of closed tibial fractures.
Infection after primary total hip arthroplasty.
Comparative gastrointestinal safety of bisphosphonates in primary osteoporosis: a network meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of robotic vs conventional thyroidectomy approaches for thyroid disease.
Can cardiac resynchronization therapy improve cognitive function? A systematic review.
The effect of indomethacin in the prevention of post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of psychosocial interventions for stroke family caregivers and  stroke survivors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of parental protection of children from tobacco smoke exposure.
PDA ligation and health outcomes: a meta-analysis.
MRSA colonization and risk of infection in the neonatal and pediatric ICU: a meta-analysis.
The role of the MTHFR 677C>T polymorphism in methotrexate-induced liver toxicity: a meta-analysis in patients with cancer.
Association of UGT1A1*28 polymorphisms with irinotecan-induced toxicities in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis in Caucasians.
Topical herbal formulae in the management of psoriasis: systematic review with meta-analysis of clinical studies and investigation of the pharmacological actions of the main herbs.
Operative treatment of peripheral lymphedema: a systematic meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of lymphovenous microsurgery and tissue transplantation.
A central role for GRB10 in regulation of islet function in man.
Early detection, curative treatment, and survival rates for hepatocellular carcinoma surveillance in patients with cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Airways in out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the catechol-O-methyltransferase val158met polymorphism and anxiety-related traits: a meta-analysis.
A sociability gene? Meta-analysis of oxytocin receptor genotype effects in humans.
Cognitive functioning in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis.
The methods and outcomes of cultural adaptations of psychological treatments for  depressive disorders: a systematic review.
Cause and effect in studies on unemployment, mental health and suicide: a meta-analytic and conceptual review.
Relation between emotion regulation and mental health: a meta-analysis review.
A meta-analytic review of the effects of mindfulness meditation on telomerase activity.
The acute effects of physical activity on cigarette cravings: exploration of potential moderators, mediators and physical activity attributes using individual participant data (IPD) meta-analyses.
Vitamin D supplementation for depressive symptoms: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of Klotho polymorphisms with healthy aging: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
4 G/4 G polymorphism of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 gene increases the risk of diabetic nephropathy.
Adiponectin gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Association of angiotensinogen gene M235T polymorphism with the risk of IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Corticosteroid therapy for severe community-acquired pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in a disintegrin and metalloprotease 33 gene and the risk of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Long-term macrolides for non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Audiovisual feedback device use by health care professionals during CPR: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised and non-randomised trials.
Systemic safety of ranibizumab for diabetic macular edema: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Association between TNF-α promoter -308 A/G polymorphism and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Physical exercise intervention in depressive disorders: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Relative efficacy of hyaluronic acid in comparison with NSAIDs for knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The neuropsychology of sex offenders: a meta-analysis.
Ramelteon for the treatment of insomnia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
What treatment works best for restless legs syndrome? Meta-analyses of dopaminergic and non-dopaminergic medications.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the ethnic density effect in psychotic disorders.
Do manual therapies help low back pain? A comparative effectiveness meta-analysis.
Assessment of cauda equina syndrome progression pattern to improve diagnosis.
Interventions to prevent sports related injuries: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Resistance exercise versus aerobic exercise for type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prothrombin G20210A mutation is associated with young-onset stroke: the genetics  of early-onset stroke study and meta-analysis.
Upper limb recovery after stroke is associated with ipsilesional primary motor cortical activity: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of self-gripping mesh (Progrip) versus sutured mesh in open inguinal hernia repair.
Totally extraperitoneal laparoscopic hernioplasty versus open extraperitoneal approach for inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis of outcomes of our current knowledge.
Efficacy and safety of patent foramen ovale closure in patients with a cryptogenic stroke: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of weight-adjusted heparin prophylaxis for the prevention of  acute venous thromboembolism among obese patients undergoing bariatric surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of placental transfusion in extremely low birthweight infants: meta-analysis of long- and short-term outcomes.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: association between water and sanitation environment and maternal mortality.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: prevalence of alcohol use among young people in eastern Africa.
The effects of p53 Arg72Pro polymorphism on glioma susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
The -786T > C polymorphism in the NOS3 gene is associated with increased cancer risk.
The Arg188His polymorphism in the XRCC2 gene and the risk of cancer.
Study on the association between the Arg194Trp polymorphism in the XRCC1 gene and the risk of hematological malignancies.
S-1-based therapy versus S-1 monotherapy in advanced gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
The MMP-1, MMP-2, and MMP-9 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Associations between polymorphisms of the XPC gene and lung cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Genetic association between p53 codon 72 polymorphism and risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma.
The association between RASSF1A promoter methylation and prostate cancer: evidence from 19 published studies.
Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group D (XPD) gene polymorphisms contribute to bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Allergic conditions reduce the risk of glioma: a meta-analysis based on 128,936 subjects.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of CYP1B1 polymorphisms and head and neck squamous cell carcinoma risk.
Prognostic value of matrix metalloproteinase-7 expression in patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
The association between the ERCC1/2 polymorphisms and the clinical outcomes of the platinum-based chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
N-acetyltransferase 2 genetic variants confer the susceptibility to head and neck carcinoma: evidence from 23 case-control studies.
Association of glutathione S-transferase M1, T1, and P1 polymorphisms with renal  cell carcinoma: evidence from 11 studies.
Clinicopathological and prognostic significance of chemokine receptor CXCR4 overexpression in patients with esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
The association between polymorphism of P53 Codon72 Arg/Pro and hepatocellular carcinoma susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis of 15 studies with 3,704  cases.
Association of IL-6 polymorphisms with hepatocellular carcinoma risk: evidences from a meta-analysis.
FokI polymorphism in vitamin D receptor gene and risk of breast cancer among Caucasian women.
GSTM1 null genotype is associated with increased risk of gastric cancer in both ever-smokers and non-smokers: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
The association between cytotoxic T lymphocyte-associated antigen-4 and cervical  cancer.
The association of APE1 Asp148Glu gene polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Association between cytotoxic T lymphocyte antigen-4 +49A/G, -1722T/C, and -1661A/G polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: eating frequency and risk of colorectal cancer.
VEGF-C expression is associated with the poor survival in gastric cancer tissue.
Association between the CYP1A1 A2455G polymorphism and risk of cancer: evidence from 272 case-control studies.
The Val158Met polymorphism in the COMT gene is associated with increased cancer risks in Chinese population.
MDM2 rs2279744 polymorphism and endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between MTHFD1 G401A polymorphism and ovarian cancer susceptibility.
Combining transarterial chemoembolization with radiofrequency ablation for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Association between interleukin-4 -590C > T polymorphism and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma risk.
Association between CCND1 and XPC polymorphisms and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 15 case-control studies.
Two-gene expression ratio as predictor for breast cancer treated with tamoxifen:  evidence from meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of dickkopf-1 overexpression in solid tumors: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of microRNA-100 in various carcinomas: evidence from six studies.
Assessment of the association between XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism and glioma susceptibility.
Association between ERCC1 C8092A and ERCC2 K751Q polymorphisms and risk of adult  glioma: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of transforming growth factor-β1 gene: three polymorphisms with gastric cancer.
Quantitative assessment of the association between three polymorphisms in FAS and FASL gene and breast cancer risk.
A pooled analysis of the ERCC2 Asp312Asn polymorphism and esophageal cancer susceptibility.
Association between ERCC2 Lys751Gln polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 23,370 subjects.
Primary realignment vs suprapubic cystostomy for the management of pelvic fracture-associated urethral injuries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neuroanatomical markers of genetic liability to psychosis and first episode psychosis: a voxelwise meta-analytical comparison.
Adult inguinoscrotal sarcomas: outcome analysis of 21 cases, systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of reviews of behavioral interventions to promote condom use.
[A meta-analysis on effectiveness of acupuncture and moxibustion for chronic pelvic inflammatory disease].
[A meta-analysis of platinum plus docetaxel or vinorelbine in the first-line treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer].
[Meta-analysis of ursodeoxycholic acid and S-adenosylmethionine for improving the outcomes of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy].
[Comparing different treatments for femoral neck fracture of displacement type in the elderly:a meta analysis].
[Detection of bladder cancer by narrow band imaging cystoscopy: a meta-analysis].
[Proximal gastrectomy versus total gastrectomy for adenocarcinoma of esophagogastric junction: a meta-analysis].
[The influence of hypernatremia on mortality in intensive care unit patients: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of safety and efficacy on exercise rehabilitation in coronary heart disease patients post revascularization procedure].
Trabeculectomy with versus without releasable sutures for glaucoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Selective digestive or oropharyngeal decontamination and topical oropharyngeal chlorhexidine for prevention of death in general intensive care: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Interventions for preventing neuropathy caused by cisplatin and related compounds.
Computed tomography (CT) angiography for confirmation of the clinical diagnosis of brain death.
Darbepoetin for the anaemia of chronic kidney disease.
Use of probiotics in the treatment of severe acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Revisiting the therapeutic effect of rTMS on negative symptoms in schizophrenia:  a meta-analysis.
Differential meta-analysis of RNA-seq data from multiple studies.
Effect of aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on prostate cancer incidence and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and resistance in de novo combination lamivudine and adefovir dipivoxil  therapy versus entecavir monotherapy for the treatment-naive patients with chronic hepatitis B: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of KIT/PDGFRA mutations in gastrointestinal stromal tumors: a meta-analysis.
HIV infection and the fronto-striatal system: a systematic review and meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Internet-based cognitive behavioral therapy for patients with chronic somatic conditions: a meta-analytic review.
Long-acting inhaled therapy (beta-agonists, anticholinergics and steroids) for COPD: a network meta-analysis.
Hepatitis C virus infection among HIV-positive men who have sex with men: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The link between genetic variation and variability in vaccine responses: systematic review and meta-analyses.
Methods of intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation for laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Association between tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene polymorphisms and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Socio-economic inequalities in patient, primary care, referral, diagnostic, and treatment intervals on the lung cancer care pathway: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Proximal femoral nail antirotation versus dynamic hip screw for intertrochanteric fracture in elders: a meta-analysis].
Overweight, obesity and endometrial cancer risk: results from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Terbutaline pump maintenance therapy after threatened preterm labour for reducing adverse neonatal outcomes.
Unintended effects of statins from observational studies in the general population: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacotherapies for sleep disturbances in Alzheimer's disease.
Interventions based on the Theory of Mind cognitive model for autism spectrum disorder (ASD).
Updating the evidence on patent foramen ovale closure versus medical therapy in patients with cryptogenic stroke: a systematic review and comprehensive meta-analysis of 2,303 patients from three randomised trials and 2,231 patients from 11 observational studies.
Cangrelor versus clopidogrel in percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of randomized trials, heterogeneity and prediction intervals].
Effect of blood donor characteristics on transfusion outcomes: a protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis.
Arsenic exposure and bladder cancer: quantitative assessment of studies in human  populations to detect risks at low doses.
The pemetrexed-containing treatments in the non-small cell lung cancer is -/low thymidylate synthase expression better than +/high thymidylate synthase expression: a meta-analysis.
Interaction between allelic variations in vitamin D receptor and retinoid X receptor genes on metabolic traits.
Antidepressant efficacy of agomelatine: meta-analysis of published and unpublished studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect and safety of ginger in the treatment of pregnancy-associated nausea and vomiting.
Association of dietary, circulating, and supplement fatty acids with coronary risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tumour-infiltrating inflammation and prognosis in colorectal cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protective mechanical ventilation in the non-injured lung: review and meta-analysis.
Operative versus conservative treatment for patellar dislocation: a meta-analysis of 7 randomized controlled trials.
Genetics of essential tremor: meta-analysis and review.
Tea consumption and the risk of five major cancers: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Meta-analysis of the quantitative relation between pulse pressure and mean arterial pressure and cardiovascular risk in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Meta-analysis of effects of optimization of cardiac resynchronization therapy on  left ventricular function, exercise capacity, and quality of life in patients with heart failure.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on the risk of bleeding with dabigatran.
Inferring primary tumor sites from mutation spectra: a meta-analysis of histology-specific aberrations in cancer-derived cell lines.
Ultrafiltration for acute decompensated heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Nephropathy after administration of iso-osmolar and low-osmolar contrast media: evidence from a network meta-analysis.
Therapeutic effects of motivational interviewing on blood pressure control: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Stroke prevention by percutaneous closure of patent foramen ovale: a meta-analytic review.
Device stratified comparison among transfemoral, transapical and transubclavian access for Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR): a meta-analysis.
Preterm birth is associated with risk of essential hypertension in later life.
Outcomes with short-term versus long-term antiplatelet dual therapy after drug-eluting stenting: quantifying the equivalence margins.
Obstructive sleep apnea and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Association between Glutathione S-transferase M1/Glutathione S-transferase T1 polymorphisms and Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of new oral anticoagulants with warfarin in patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Therapeutic ultrasound for chronic low-back pain.
Lifestyle intervention for improving school achievement in overweight or obese children and adolescents.
TIPS improves liver transplantation-free survival in cirrhotic patients with refractory ascites: an updated meta-analysis.
Antiviral therapy in cytomegalovirus-positive ulcerative colitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of Ambroxol lozenges for pharyngitis: a meta-analysis.
The prevalence of psychosis in epilepsy; a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Wound infiltration with local anaesthetic agents for laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism and the risk of intracerebral hemorrhage: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Intra-aortic balloon pump in patients with cardiogenic shock complicating myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials (protocol).
The efficacy of duloxetine, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and opioids in osteoarthritis: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hepatitis B infection during pregnancy.
STRIDER: Sildenafil Therapy In Dismal prognosis Early-onset intrauterine growth Restriction--a protocol for a systematic review with individual participant data  and aggregate data meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
Local versus general anesthesia for transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVR)--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exclusion of deep vein thrombosis using the Wells rule in clinically important subgroups: individual patient data meta-analysis.
Procalcitonin for diagnosis of bacterial pneumonia in critically ill patients during 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic: a prospective cohort study, systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis.
Devices for preventing percutaneous exposure injuries caused by needles in healthcare personnel.
The clinical course of low back pain: a meta-analysis comparing outcomes in randomised clinical trials (RCTs) and observational studies.
The importance of baseline viral load when assessing relative efficacy in treatment-naïve HBeAg-positive chronic hepatitis B: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Addition of prokinetics to PPI therapy in gastroesophageal reflux disease: a meta-analysis.
Gene-centric meta-analysis in 87,736 individuals of European ancestry identifies  multiple blood-pressure-related loci.
Pharmacogenetic role of XRCC1 polymorphisms on the clinical outcome of gastric cancer patients with platinum-based chemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
PTGS2 gene polymorphism -765G>C is associated with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
The effects of a tourniquet used in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
The impact of cyclin D1 overexpression on the prognosis of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Ki-67 is a valuable prognostic predictor of lymphoma but its utility varies in lymphoma subtypes: evidence from a systematic meta-analysis.
Non-surgical interventions for the management of chronic pelvic pain.
Clinical characteristics and outcome of brain abscess: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Combined oral contraceptives: venous thrombosis.
Tea consumption didn't modify the risk of fracture: a dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies.
Sputum myeloperoxidase in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Patient outcomes in teaching versus nonteaching general internal medicine services: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
On the utility of quantitative diffusion-weighted MR imaging as a tool in differentiation between malignant and benign thyroid nodules.
Meta-analysis and review on the changes of tear function and corneal sensitivity  in diabetic patients.
Meta-analysis shows limited evidence for using Lactobacillus acidophilus LB to treat acute gastroenteritis in children.
Effectiveness and tolerance of anti-inflammatory drugs' add-on therapy in major mental disorders: a systematic qualitative review.
Prevalence of Axis-1 psychiatric (with focus on depression and anxiety) disorder  and symptomatology among non-medical prescription opioid users in substance use treatment: systematic review and meta-analyses.
Cluster and meta-analyses on factors influencing stress-induced alcohol drinking  and relapse in rodents.
Intimate partner violence victimization and alcohol consumption in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment of comorbid alcohol use disorders and depression with cognitive-behavioural therapy and motivational interviewing: a meta-analysis.
The use of glyburide in the management of gestational diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacist-led interventions to reduce unplanned admissions for older people: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Optimization of antiretroviral therapy in HIV-infected children under 3 years of  age: a systematic review.
Safety of efavirenz in the first trimester of pregnancy: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early initiation of antiretroviral therapy in HIV-infected adults and adolescents: a systematic review.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: the haemodynamic effects of carvedilol compared with propranolol for portal hypertension in cirrhosis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: do interferon lambda 3 polymorphisms predict the outcome of interferon-therapy in hepatitis B infection?
Systematic review with meta-analysis: malignancies with anti-tumour necrosis factor-α therapy in inflammatory bowel disease.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: inflammatory bowel disease in the elderly.
Efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy for peanut allergy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of Lianhuaqingwen capsule compared with oseltamivir for influenza A virus infection: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Personality and risk of Alzheimer's disease: new data and meta-analysis.
Impact of baseline hemorrhagic risk on the benefit of bivalirudin versus unfractionated heparin in patients treated with coronary angioplasty: a meta-regression analysis of randomized trials.
Cerebrospinal fluid τ protein in differential diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia in Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Fish intake during pregnancy, fetal growth, and gestational length in 19 European birth cohort studies.
First-morning urinary melatonin and breast cancer risk in the Guernsey Study.
The effect of PNPLA3 on fibrosis progression and development of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Interventions with children and parents to improve physical activity and body mass index: a meta-analysis.
Patency rates of the arteriovenous fistula for hemodialysis: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Citrate versus heparin lock for hemodialysis catheters: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Reelin gene variants and risk of autism spectrum disorders: an integrated meta-analysis.
Different β-blockers and initiation time in patients undergoing noncardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Difficulty in mental, neuromusculoskeletal, and movement-related school functions associated with low birthweight or preterm birth: a meta-analysis.
Heightened susceptibility to secondary traumatization: A meta-analysis of gender  differences.
Effects of full-day kindergarten on the long-term health prospects of children in low-income and racial/ethnic-minority populations: a community guide systematic review.
Associations between driving performance and engaging in secondary tasks: a systematic review.
The efficacy of peri-operative interventions to decrease postoperative delirium in non-cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of remifentanil parturient-controlled intravenous analgesia with epidural analgesia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Impermeable dust mite covers in the primary and tertiary prevention of allergic disease: a meta-analysis.
Temporal trends and racial/ethnic disparity in self-reported pediatric food allergy in the United States.
Disparities in breast cancer stage at diagnosis in urban and rural adult women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor and interleukin-6 gene polymorphisms and endometriosis risk in Asians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lipid profile changes in patients with rheumatic diseases receiving a treatment with TNF-α blockers: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Coffee consumption and risk of nonaggressive, aggressive and fatal prostate cancer--a dose-response meta-analysis.
Efficacy of conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs, glucocorticoids and tofacitinib: a systematic literature review informing the 2013 update of the EULAR recommendations for management of rheumatoid arthritis.
Chronic subdural hematoma management: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 34,829 patients.
The association of surgical margins and local recurrence in women with early-stage invasive breast cancer treated with breast-conserving therapy: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing surgically-related complications  between robotic-assisted thyroidectomy and conventional open thyroidectomy.
Breast-conserving surgery with or without radiotherapy in older breast patients with early stage breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lymphovascular invasion as a prognostic indicator in stage I non-small cell lung  cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Similar survival after mitral valve replacement or repair for ischemic mitral regurgitation: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis comparing muscle-sparing and posterolateral thoracotomy.
Meta-analysis of vitamin D sufficiency for improving survival of patients with breast cancer.
Single-incision laparoscopic hernioplasty versus multi-incision laparoscopic hernioplasty: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and the risk of rickets among Asians: a meta-analysis.
Volume-targeted ventilation is more suitable than pressure-limited ventilation for preterm infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maternal passive smoking during pregnancy and neural tube defects in offspring: a meta-analysis.
Effect of chemodenervation of the rectus femoris muscle in adults with a stiff knee gait due to spastic paresis: a systematic review with a meta-analysis in patients with stroke.
Comparative effectiveness of platelet-rich plasma injections for treating knee joint cartilage degenerative pathology: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of exercise type and dose on pain and disability in knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-regression analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Deep venous thrombosis after knee arthroscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
De novo aortic insufficiency during long-term support on a left ventricular assist device: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Short and long-term safety and efficacy of polymer-free vs. durable polymer drug-eluting stents. A comprehensive meta-analysis of randomized trials including 6178 patients.
Leptin and coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The use of actigraphy in the monitoring of methylphenidate versus placebo in ADHD: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of aspirin for the primary prevention of thrombosis in patients with antiphospholipid antibodies: an international and collaborative meta-analysis.
Common variants in the CDH7 gene are associated with major depressive disorder in the Han Chinese population.
The sense of incompleteness as a motivator of obsessive-compulsive symptoms: an empirical analysis of concepts and correlates.
Reciprocal duplication of the Williams-Beuren syndrome deletion on chromosome 7q11.23 is associated with schizophrenia.
Predicting the outcome of platinum-based chemotherapies in epithelial ovarian cancer using the 8092C/A polymorphism of ERCC1: a meta-analysis.
Population-based meta-analysis of furosemide pharmacokinetics.
Antenatal interventions to reduce maternal distress: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Evaluating PET-CT in the detection and management of recurrent cervical cancer: systematic reviews of diagnostic accuracy and subjective elicitation.
Effects of dexamethasone as a local anaesthetic adjuvant for brachial plexus block: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Does anaesthesia with nitrous oxide affect mortality or cardiovascular morbidity? A systematic review with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
Statin use and risk of kidney cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies and randomized trials.
The PlA1/A2 polymorphism of glycoprotein IIIa in relation to efficacy of antiplatelet drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis and theoretical critique of oxytocin and psychosis: prospects for attachment and compassion in promoting recovery.
Capillary blood gas as a substitute for arterial blood gas: a meta-analysis.
Patellar taping for patellofemoral pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate clinical outcomes and biomechanical mechanisms.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of cytokeratin 19-based one-step nucleic acid amplification versus histopathology for sentinel lymph node assessment in breast  cancer.
Meta-analysis of postoperative morbidity and perioperative mortality in patients  receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy or chemoradiotherapy for resectable oesophageal and gastro-oesophageal junctional cancers.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of predictors of post-thyroidectomy hypocalcaemia.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of use of serum C-reactive protein levels to  predict anastomotic leak after colorectal surgery.
Uncertainty and confidence from the triple-network perspective: voxel-based meta-analyses.
Differentiating between self and others: an ALE meta-analysis of fMRI studies of  self-recognition and theory of mind.
Review of the effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-traumatic stress disorder.
Correlation between HIF-1α expression and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of accelerated partial breast irradiation after breast-conserving surgery: a meta-analysis of published comparative studies.
[Early detection of prostate cancer: harm verified, benefit not verifiable].
Benzydamine hydrochloride on postoperative sore throat: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
UGT1A1*6 polymorphisms are correlated with irinotecan-induced toxicity: a system  review and meta-analysis in Asians.
Risk of prostate cancer in Lynch syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Major molecular response during the first year of dasatinib, imatinib or nilotinib treatment for newly diagnosed chronic myeloid leukemia: a network meta-analysis.
Targeted therapies and complete responses in first line treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma. A meta-analysis of published trials.
Late gadolinium enhancement on cardiac magnetic resonance predicts adverse cardiovascular outcomes in nonischemic cardiomyopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Catheterization therapy vs surgical closure in pediatric patients with patent ductus arteriosus: a meta-analysis.
Skill acquisition and utilization during evidence-based psychosocial treatments for childhood disruptive behavior problems: a review and meta-analysis.
Association of vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Outcomes of liver transplantation for nonalcoholic steatohepatitis: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Risk of cerebrovascular accidents and ischemic heart disease in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A direct and indirect comparison meta-analysis on the efficacy of cytomegalovirus preventive strategies in solid organ transplant.
Accuracy of administrative code data for the surveillance of healthcare-associated infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relationship between tumour necrosis factor-α gene polymorphism and susceptibility and clearance of the persistent hepatitis B virus infection in a Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Does obesity affect the surgical outcome and complication rates of spinal surgery? A meta-analysis.
Cholesteryl ester transfer protein polymorphisms, statin use, and their impact on cholesterol levels and cardiovascular events.
Self-help interventions for symptoms of depression, anxiety and psychological distress in patients with physical illnesses: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychological treatment of generalized anxiety disorder: a meta-analysis.
Can mindfulness and acceptance be learnt by self-help?: a systematic review and meta-analysis of mindfulness and acceptance-based self-help interventions.
Changes in attitudes toward seeking mental health services: a 40-year cross-temporal meta-analysis.
The effect of placebo adherence on reducing cardiovascular mortality: a meta-analysis.
Risk of venous thromboembolism in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic surgical box model training for surgical trainees with limited prior laparoscopic experience.
Meta-analysis for cardiovascular effects of NRL001 after rectal application in healthy volunteers.
Long-term survival following laparoscopic and open colectomy for colon cancer: a  meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Two decades of mortality trends among patients with severe sepsis: a comparative  meta-analysis*.
Plasma biomarkers for acute respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis*.
Risk of gastrointestinal perforation in cancer patients treated with vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the C242T polymorphism in the NAD(P)H oxidase P22 phox gene with type 2 diabetes mellitus risk: a meta-analysis.
Insulin therapy and risk of colorectal cancer: an updated meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of low molecular weight heparins for venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in medically ill patients.
Height and the risk of gestational diabetes: variations by race/ethnicity.
Head-to-head comparison of dipeptidyl peptidase-IV inhibitors and sulfonylureas - a meta-analysis from randomized clinical trials.
Dapagliflozin treatment for type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Combination of very low energy diets and pharmacotherapy in the treatment of obesity: meta-analysis of published data.
The effect of antiobesity drugs on waist circumference: a mixed treatment comparison.
Meat consumption is associated with esophageal cancer risk in a meat- and cancer-histological-type dependent manner.
Efficacy and safety of granulocyte and monocyte adsorption apheresis for ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
Restaging of locally advanced rectal cancer with magnetic resonance imaging and endoluminal ultrasound after preoperative chemoradiotherapy: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Relationships between CYP1A1 genetic polymorphisms and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of naltrexone implants for the treatment of opioid dependence.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte associated antigen 4 polymorphism and Hashimoto's thyroiditis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of eating disorders amongst dancers: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Inflammatory cytokines and risk of coronary heart disease: new prospective study  and updated meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of combined cardiac troponin and copeptin assessment for early rule-out of myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of echocardiographic measurements of the left heart for the development of normative reference ranges in a large international cohort: the EchoNoRMAL study.
Alcohol drinking and multiple myeloma risk--a systematic review and meta-analysis of the dose-risk relationship.
Peginterferon plus Chinese herbal therapy is associated with a higher virological response than only peginterferon therapy in chronic hepatitis C.
Treatment outcomes for Mycobacterium avium complex: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Coffee consumption and risk of prostate cancer: an up-to-date meta-analysis.
The association between physical activity and gastroesophageal cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of SNPs involved in variance heterogeneity using Levene's test for  equal variances.
Dopamine agonist monotherapy in Parkinson's disease and potential risk factors for dyskinesia: a meta-analysis of levodopa-controlled trials.
FDG PET/CT for the detection of bone marrow involvement in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Omission of the bladder flap at caesarean section reduces delivery time without increased morbidity: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Psychological outcomes after hysterectomy for benign conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of micrometastases and isolated tumour cells in histologically negative lymph nodes of patients with colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of STAT3 and phospho-STAT3 expression and survival of patients with non-small-cell lung cancer.
Diagnostic accuracy of digital breast tomosynthesis versus digital mammography for benign and malignant lesions in breasts: a meta-analysis.
Simplification of the IDSA/ATS criteria for severe CAP using meta-analysis and observational data.
Role of electrical storm as a mortality and morbidity risk factor and its clinical predictors: a meta-analysis.
Gender and telomere length: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Implantable devices for the closure of patent foramen ovale in adults: an Italian rapid health technology assessment.
Prognostic factors of oncologic and reproductive outcomes in fertility-sparing management of endometrial atypical hyperplasia and adenocarcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cabergoline for the prevention of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Clinical evaluation of lapatinib therapy in metastatic breast cancer using the Bayes meta-analysis].
Dietary fiber intake reduces risk for colorectal adenoma: a meta-analysis.
The influence of polygenic risk scores on heritability of anti-CCP level in RA.
Association between six genetic polymorphisms and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of apolipoprotein E epsilon4 allele in patients with traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Significant associations between the A163G and G1181C polymorphisms of the osteoprotegerin gene and risk of osteoporosis, especially in postmenopausal women: a meta-analysis.
ABCB1 C3435T polymorphism and the risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-16 gene polymorphisms rs4778889, rs4072111, rs11556218, and cancer risk in Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
Modest alcohol consumption decreases the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a meta-analysis of 43 175 individuals.
Risk stratification and prognosis determination using (18)F-FDG PET imaging in endometrial cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Atrial fibrillation and thromboembolism in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: systematic review.
Current and new oral antithrombotics in non-valvular atrial fibrillation: a network meta-analysis of 79 808 patients.
Meta-analysis of the association between cigarette smoking and peripheral arterial disease.
Meta-analysis of secure randomised controlled trials of β-blockade to prevent perioperative death in non-cardiac surgery.
Orthostatic hypotension and mortality risk: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Stroke prevention by percutaneous closure of patent foramen ovale: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reversible cardiac dysfunction associated with hypocalcemia: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of individual patient data.
The efficacy of noninvasive ventilation in managing postextubation respiratory failure: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of matrix metalloproteinase-9 in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect evaluation of vascular resection for patients with hilar cholangiocarcinoma: original data and meta-analysis.
miRNAs with the potential to distinguish follicular thyroid carcinomas from benign follicular thyroid tumors: results of a meta-analysis.
Association of the HTR2A gene with alcohol and heroin abuse.
On individual genome-wide association studies and their meta-analysis.
Association of CTLA-4 variants with susceptibility to inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
IL10 polymorphisms associated with Behçet's disease in Chinese Han.
No evidence that embryo selection by near-infrared spectroscopy in addition to morphology is able to improve live birth rates: results from an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of intrauterine adhesions after miscarriage:  prevalence, risk factors and long-term reproductive outcome.
Association between 6-thioguanine nucleotides levels and clinical remission in inflammatory disease: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 virus shedding: duration is affected  by severity, but not age.
Explaining differences in maternal mortality levels in sub-Saharan African hospitals: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sleep duration and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase pathway aberrations in gastric and colorectal cancer: meta-analysis, co-occurrence and ethnic variation.
Catheter-based renal sympathetic denervation is effective in reducing office and  ambulatory blood pressure in patients with resistant hypertension.
When will the most important confounder of percentage flow-mediated dilation be reported and adjusted for at the study level?
Remote ischemic preconditioning does not improve the clinical outcomes in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The short- and long-term outcomes of laparoscopic versus open surgery for colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Oncological superiority of extralevator abdominoperineal resection over conventional abdominoperineal resection: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of problem-based learning on development of nursing students' critical thinking: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of implant success rates with different loading protocols: a meta-analysis.
Systemic risk factors for peri-implant bone loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Society of Surgical Oncology-American Society for Radiation Oncology consensus guideline on margins for breast-conserving surgery with whole-breast irradiation  in stages I and II invasive breast cancer.
Lumbar fusion compared with conservative treatment in patients with chronic low back pain: a meta-analysis.
Body mass index and mortality in patients on maintenance hemodialysis: a meta-analysis.
Comparing coronary artery bypass grafting with drug-eluting stenting in patients  with diabetes mellitus and multivessel coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
The effects of pre- and postoperative fibrinogen levels on blood loss after cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical outcome of low- and high-risk malignant colorectal polyps: results of a  population-based study and meta-analysis of the available literature.
Early hyperglycaemia and the early-term death in patients with spontaneous intracerebral haemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
What everyone else is eating: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of informational eating norms on eating behavior.
The status of sleep abnormalities as a diagnostic test for major depressive disorder.
Schizoaffective disorder diagnosed according to different diagnostic criteria--systematic literature search and meta-analysis of key clinical characteristics and heterogeneity.
Parental factors associated with depression and anxiety in young people: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of air pollution exposure association with allergic sensitization in European birth cohorts.
Does BCG vaccination protect against childhood asthma? Final results from the Manchester Community Asthma Study retrospective cohort study and updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gait speed in ambulant older people in long term care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of influenza vaccination in institutionalized older adults: a systematic review.
A meta-analytic clarification of the relationship between posttraumatic growth and symptoms of posttraumatic distress disorder.
A meta-analysis and scoping review of social cognition performance in social phobia, posttraumatic stress disorder and other anxiety disorders.
A meta-analysis of shared leadership and team effectiveness.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 -675 4G/5G polymorphism and polycystic ovary syndrome risk: a meta analysis.
Gender and age differences in the core triad of impairments in autism spectrum disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of IL-6 G-174C polymorphism with bone mineral density.
Prevention of cataracts by statins: a meta-analysis.
Effects of recombinant human growth hormone therapy on bone mineral density in adults with growth hormone deficiency: a meta-analysis.
The incidence and prevalence of thyroid dysfunction in Europe: a meta-analysis.
Blood vitamin D status and metabolic syndrome in the general adult population: a  dose-response meta-analysis.
Efficacy of vitamin D supplementation in depression in adults: a systematic review.
Prophylactic use of transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt aids in the treatment of refractory ascites: metaregression and trial sequential meta-analysis.
Efficacy of Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy on functional dyspepsia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies with 12-month follow-up.
Incidence and risk of sorafenib-induced hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between XRCC3 Thr241Met SNP and systemic lupus erythematosus in Han Chinese patients in Taiwan, and a meta-analysis of healthy populations.
APOE gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
Rathke's cleft cyst recurrence after transsphenoidal surgery: a meta-analysis of  1151 cases.
Different context, different results: venous ulcer healing and the use of two high-compression technologies.
Decreased copper and zinc in sera of Chinese vitiligo patients: a meta-analysis.
Investigation of the association between psoriasis and human leucocyte antigens A by means of meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic prophylaxis of post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography  pancreatitis: protease inhibitors and NSAIDs in a meta-analysis.
Standard and extended lymphadenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head:  a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Combined therapies versus monotherapies for the first variceal bleeding in patients with high-risk varices: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Laparoscopic versus open surgery following neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preoperative colonic stents versus emergency surgery for acute left-sided malignant colonic obstruction: a meta-analysis.
Cognitive dysfunction and depression in Fabry disease: a systematic review.
Magnitude of cognitive dysfunction in adults with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of six cognitive domains and the most frequently reported neuropsychological tests within domains.
Computerized neurocognitive testing within 1 week of sport-related concussion: meta-analytic review and analysis of moderating factors.
Association of CTLA-4 gene polymorphism with end-stage renal disease and renal allograft outcome.
Cryoablation versus radiofrequency ablation of atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia.
Laparoscopic-assisted versus open distal gastrectomy with D2 lymph node resection for advanced gastric cancer: effect of learning curve on short-term outcomes. a meta-analysis.
A synthesis and meta-analysis of reading interventions using social studies content for students with learning disabilities.
The use of barbed suture for laparoscopic hysterectomy and myomectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anthropometric and hormonal risk factors for male breast cancer: male breast cancer pooling project results.
CTLA-4 gene and the susceptibility of multiple sclerosis: an updated meta-analysis study including 12,916 cases and 15,455 controls.
APOE associations with severe CAA-associated vasculopathic changes: collaborative meta-analysis.
Caseload as a factor for outcome in aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary iron intake and body iron stores are associated with risk of coronary heart disease in a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Do not resuscitate orders and aging: impact of multimorbidity on the decision-making process.
Dynamic compression plating versus locked intramedullary nailing for humeral shaft fractures: a meta-analysis of RCTs and nonrandomized studies.
Orthogeriatric care models and outcomes in hip fracture patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Complications following body contouring surgery after massive weight loss: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of behavior therapy for Tourette Syndrome.
Co-testing for detection of high-grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia and cancer compared with cytology alone: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion gene polymorphisms and risk of intracerebral hemorrhage: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Arginine supplementation for improving maternal and neonatal outcomes in hypertensive disorder of pregnancy: a systematic review.
Antiproteinuric effect of angiotensin receptor blockers in normotensive patients  with proteinuria: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion gene polymorphism and end-stage renal disease susceptibility.
Outcome of cervicocranial artery dissection with different treatments: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predictors of mortality in geriatric trauma patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A synthesis of research examining timely removal of cervical collars in the obtunded trauma patient with negative computed tomography: an evidence-based review.
Real-time ultrasound elastography for differentiation of benign and malignant thyroid nodules: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of abdominal compartment syndrome after endovascular repair of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Relationship between polymorphisms near the IL28B gene and spontaneous HBsAg seroclearance: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of matrix metalloproteinase-9 C1562T polymorphism and coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Estrogen receptor α gene PvuII polymorphism and coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of 21 studies.
Accuracy of transcranial Doppler for the diagnosis of intracardiac right-to-left  shunt: a bivariate meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Intravascular ultrasound-guided implantation of drug-eluting stents to improve outcome: a meta-analysis.
Meditation programs for psychological stress and well-being: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness and risks of bariatric surgery: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis, 2003-2012.
Mobile bearing or fixed bearing? A meta-analysis of outcomes comparing mobile bearing and fixed bearing bilateral total knee replacements.
Diagnostic test accuracy of clinical and radiological assessments for medial patella plica syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is reconstruction the best management strategy for anterior cruciate ligament rupture? A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction versus non-operative treatment.
No difference in clinical outcome between fixed- and mobile-bearing TKA: a meta-analysis.
Posterior cruciate-retaining versus posterior stabilized total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of long-term exposure to air pollution on natural-cause mortality: an analysis of 22 European cohorts within the multicentre ESCAPE project.
Second primary malignancies with lenalidomide therapy for newly diagnosed myeloma: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Surrogate endpoints for overall survival in metastatic melanoma: a meta-analysis  of randomised controlled trials.
Risk loci for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a genome-wide association study and meta-analysis.
Tracheostomy as treatment for adult obstructive sleep apnea: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Is type 2 diabetes mellitus associated with alterations in hearing? A systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Ultrasound-guided core needle biopsy of salivary gland lesions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of rituximab on incidence of and risk factors for central nervous system relapse in patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mycophenolate mofetil vs. methotrexate for the prevention of graft-versus-host-disease--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Magnetic fields exposure and childhood leukemia risk: a meta-analysis based on 11,699 cases and 13,194 controls.
Lung, liver, prostate, bladder malignancies risk in systemic lupus erythematosus: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Isometric exercise training for blood pressure management: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exercise to improve pediatric bone and fat: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Peroneal reaction time after ankle sprain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of exercise on C-reactive protein, inflammatory cytokine and adipokine in patients with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis on intra-abdominal  hypertension in critically ill patients: the wake-up project. World initiative on Abdominal Hypertension Epidemiology, a Unifying Project (WAKE-Up!).
The evolution of laparoscopy in abdominal surgery: a meta-analysis of the effect  on infectious outcomes.
Interleukin-1-related genes polymorphisms in Turkish patients with Behçet disease: a meta-analysis.
Association between polymorphisms in the promoter region of interleukin-10 and susceptibility to inflammatory bowel disease.
Effect of BRAF V600E mutation on tumor response of anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies for first-line metastatic colorectal cancer treatment: a meta-analysis of randomized studies.
Smoking and carpal tunnel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide trans-ancestry meta-analysis provides insight into the genetic architecture of type 2 diabetes susceptibility.
A meta-analysis of interleukin-10-1082 promoter genetic polymorphism associated with atherosclerotic risk.
Selective serotonin 3 receptor antagonist treatment for schizophrenia: meta-analysis and systematic review.
The CLU gene rs11136000 variant is significantly associated with Alzheimer's disease in Caucasian and Asian populations.
Association of gamma-aminobutyric acid A receptor α2 gene (GABRA2) with alcohol use disorder.
Meta-analysis of (11)C-choline and (18)F-choline PET/CT for management of patients with prostate cancer.
[Effect of green tea or green tea extract consumption on body weight and body composition; systematic review and meta-analysis].
Long term weight maintenance after advice to consume low carbohydrate, higher protein diets--a systematic review and meta analysis.
Systematic review using meta-analyses to estimate dose-response relationships between iodine intake and biomarkers of iodine status in different population groups.
Which type of sedentary behaviour intervention is more effective at reducing body mass index in children? A meta-analytic review.
Quantitative relationship between body weight gain in adulthood and incident type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Body mass index and leukocyte telomere length in adults: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
The effect of weight loss on health-related quality of life: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Diabetes and weight in comparative studies of bariatric surgery vs conventional medical therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
FTO genetic variants and risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of  28,394 Indians.
Serological data analyses show that adenovirus 36 infection is associated with obesity: a meta-analysis involving 5739 subjects.
Decision-to-incision time and neonatal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is hypertension associated with job strain? A meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of infectious endophthalmitis after intravitreal injection of anti-vascular endothelial growth factor agents.
Vitrectomy with internal limiting membrane peeling versus no peeling for idiopathic full-thickness macular hole.
Atropine slows myopia progression more in Asian than white children by meta-analysis.
Risk genes in head and neck cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of last 5 years.
18FDG PET-CT for distant metastases in patients with recurrent head and neck cancer after definitive treatment. A meta-analysis.
Total hip replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis on mid-term quality  of life.
Risk of osteonecrosis in patients taking bisphosphonates for prevention of osteoporosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nucleoplasty, a minimally invasive procedure for disc decompression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of published clinical studies.
A meta-analysis on the role of rectal diclofenac and indomethacin in the prevention of post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis.
Systematic review of montelukast's efficacy for preventing post-bronchiolitis wheezing.
Tight glucose control in critically ill children--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety of medical interventions in children versus adults.
Systematic review and meta-analyses: fever in pregnancy and health impacts in the offspring.
Obesity in pediatric ALL survivors: a meta-analysis.
Dexamethasone for acute asthma exacerbations in children: a meta-analysis.
Parental underestimates of child weight: a meta-analysis.
The non-linear threshold association between aspirin use and esophageal adenocarcinoma: results of a dose-response meta-analysis.
MTHFR functional genetic variation and methotrexate treatment response in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Long-term efficacy and safety of statin treatment beyond six years: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials with extended follow-up.
Treatments for acute bipolar depression: meta-analyses of placebo-controlled, monotherapy trials of anticonvulsants, lithium and antipsychotics.
Comparison of endovenous laser ablation and high ligation and stripping for varicose vein treatment: a meta-analysis.
Performance of endovenous foam sclerotherapy in the USA for the treatment of venous disorders: ACP/SVM/AVF/SIR quality improvement guidelines.
Effects of exercise on diastasis of the rectus abdominis muscle in the antenatal  and postnatal periods: a systematic review.
Ketorolac does not increase perioperative bleeding: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Abdominally based free flap planning in breast reconstruction with computed tomographic angiography: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the prevalence of Dupuytren disease in the general population of Western countries.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of homocysteine and methionine metabolism identifies five one carbon metabolism loci and a novel association of ALDH1L1 with ischemic  stroke.
Water, sanitation, hygiene, and soil-transmitted helminth infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Active or passive exposure to tobacco smoking and allergic rhinitis, allergic dermatitis, and food allergy in adults and children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations between intimate partner violence and health among men who have sex  with men: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the age-related positivity effect: age differences in preferences for positive over negative information.
Thirty years of research on the level of service scales: a meta-analytic examination of predictive accuracy and sources of variability.
Toward a theory of distinct types of "impulsive" behaviors: A meta-analysis of self-report and behavioral measures.
Elucidating the etiology of individual differences in parenting: A meta-analysis  of behavioral genetic research.
Reading comprehension and its underlying components in second-language learners:  A meta-analysis of studies comparing first- and second-language learners.
Does heightening risk appraisals change people's intentions and behavior? A meta-analysis of experimental studies.
The association between cannabis use and depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Identifying a consistent pattern of neural function in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of psychotherapies for adult depression to pill placebo control groups: a meta-analysis.
HPA axis and aging in depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorodibezo-p-dioxin exposure and prostate cancer: a meta-analysis  of cohort studies.
Impact of iron-fortified foods on Hb concentration in children (<10 years): a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic performance of FDG PET or PET/CT in prosthetic infection after arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
CT in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis of interpretation discrepancy rates.
A meta-analysis of the association of G915C, G800A, C509T gene polymorphism of transforming growth factor-β1 with diabetic nephropathy risk.
Efficacy and safety of sildenafil treatment in pulmonary arterial hypertension: a systematic review.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of respiratory syncytial virus infection epidemiology in Latin America.
Association between vitamin D receptor gene BsmI, FokI, ApaI and TaqI polymorphisms and the risk of systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Associations of work activities requiring pinch or hand grip or exposure to hand-arm vibration with finger and wrist osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis.
The relative effectiveness of five antiepileptic drugs in treatment of benzodiazepine-resistant convulsive status epilepticus: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Clinical evidence on hemodiafiltration: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
The prevalence of hemophilia in mainland China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of respiratory muscle training on pulmonary function in tetraplegia.
Effectiveness of local vancomycin powder to decrease surgical site infections: a  meta-analysis.
Acute exercise and hormones related to appetite regulation: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the use of traditional Chinese medicine  compound kushen injection for bone cancer pain.
Value of positron emission tomography scan in stage III cutaneous melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the impact of pre-operative neutrophil lymphocyte ratio on long term outcomes after curative intent resection of solid tumours.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of total thyroidectomy versus bilateral subtotal thyroidectomy for Graves' disease.
Lower dosage of recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator (rt-PA) in the treatment of acute pulmonary embolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between transforming growth factor beta-1 +869T/C polymorphism and acute rejection of solid organ allograft: A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Prognostic function of Ki-67 for pathological complete response rate of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in triple-negative breast cancer.
Impact of vascular endothelial growth factor expression on overall survival in patients with osteosarcoma: a meta-analysis.
Association of X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 promoter rs3213245 polymorphism with lung cancer risk.
Vascular endothelial growth factor +936C/T polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 13 case-control studies.
Associations between methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and hepatocellular carcinoma risk in Chinese population.
Association between TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and thyroid carcinoma risk.
Assessment of the associations between three VEGF polymorphisms and risk of prostate cancer.
FUT11 as a potential biomarker of clear cell renal cell carcinoma progression based on meta-analysis of gene expression data.
Assessment of the association between hOGG1 C8069G polymorphism and colorectal cancer.
HIF-1α P582S and A588T polymorphisms and digestive system cancer risk-a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of the association between ADIPOQ rs2241766 polymorphism and colorectal cancer.
CYP1A2 rs762551 polymorphism contributes to risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Significant associations between X-ray repair cross-complementing group 3 genetic polymorphisms and thyroid cancer risk.
Lack of association of microvessel density with prognosis of renal cell carcinoma: evidence from meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between microRNA-499 rs3746444 A/G polymorphism and cancer risk.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of common variations (rs8034191 and rs1051730) at 15q25 and lung cancer risk.
XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Two functional polymorphisms in microRNAs and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The APE1 Asp148Glu polymorphism and colorectal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between vitamin D receptor gene BsmI polymorphism and breast  cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis involving 23,020 subjects.
Prognostic value of vascular endothelial growth factor A expression in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Role of EGFR as a prognostic factor for survival in head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between IL-4 -589C>T polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk.
Prognostic value of circulating tumor cells in patients with pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between NQO1 Pro187Ser polymorphism and esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Two DNA repair gene polymorphisms on the risk of gastrointestinal cancers: a meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of radiofrequency ablation with or without transarterial chemoembolization for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Comprehensive assessment of the association between DNA repair gene XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and leukemia risk.
Progesterone receptor PROGINS and +331G/A polymorphisms confer susceptibility to  ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis based on 17 studies.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk in Chinese population.
Lack of association between methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase 1 G1958A polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between glutathione S-transferase T1 null genotype and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis of 55 studies.
Association of OGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and pancreatic cancer susceptibility:  evidence from a meta-analysis.
FAS-1377 A/G polymorphism in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of DNA methyltransferase 3B 149 C>T and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
The polymorphism of EGFR 142285G > A exerts no risk effect on breast cancer.
Catechol-O-methyltransferase Val158Met polymorphism and breast cancer risk in Asian population.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of prostate stem cell antigen polymorphisms on gastric cancer risk.
Genetic polymorphisms of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene Ala222Val and susceptibility to ovary cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor -634G/C and vascular endothelial growth factor -2578C/A polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Association of MDR1 G2677T polymorphism and leukemia risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of the TMPRSS2:ERG fusion for the detection of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
NQO1 C609T polymorphism is associated with esophageal cancer risk among Chinese:  a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between NQO1 Pro187Ser polymorphism and colorectal cancer in Asians.
Association between tumor necrosis factor-α rs1800629 polymorphism and risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Positive association between lymphotoxin-alpha variation rs909253 and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 36 case-control studies.
MTHFR C677T polymorphism contributes to the risk for gastric cancer.
Association between glutathione S-transferase T1 null genotype and glioma susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of D-dimer in patients with lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between the P53 codon 72 polymorphism and nasopharyngeal cancer risk.
CD95 rs1800682 polymorphism and cervical cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
DNA repair gene XRCC3 polymorphisms and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
XPD Asp312Asn and Lys751Gln polymorphisms and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Pioglitazone prescription increases risk of bladder cancer in patients with type  2 diabetes: an updated meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of performance of second-trimester nasal bone assessment in detection of fetuses with Down syndrome.
Antimuscarinics and α-blockers or α-blockers monotherapy on lower urinary tract symptoms--a meta-analysis.
Dutasteride on benign prostatic hyperplasia: a meta-analysis on randomized clinical trials in 6460 patients.
Socioeconomic status and nonadherence to antihypertensive drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[The relationship between FHIT gene promoter methylation and lung cancer risk: a  meta-analysis].
[Glutathione S-transferase M1 polymorphism and susceptibility to breast cancer in Chinese population: a meta-analysis].
[Endoscopic transsphenoidal surgery versus microsurgery for the resection of pituitary adenomas: a systematic review].
[Effects of birth order, maternal abortion and mode of delivery on childhood acute leukemia risk: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis on the relations between Helicobacter pylori infection and chronic urticaria].
[Association of TNF-α-308 polymorphisms with risk of chronic HBV infection in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy of magnetic resonance in restaging of rectal cancer after preoperative chemoradiotherapy].
[The effect of ω-3 fatty acid supplementation in parenteral nutrition on the outcome of patients with sepsis: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
[Heparin for treatment of sepsis: a systemic review].
[Impact on the carotid intima-medial thickness and safety of rosuvastatin in Chinese patients with carotid atherosclerosis: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing left with right radial approach for coronary angiography].
The effectiveness of Coxiella burnetii vaccines in occupationally exposed populations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Peginterferon plus ribavirin versus interferon plus ribavirin for chronic hepatitis C.
Association of IL-4 promoter polymorphisms with asthma: a meta-analysis.
Decreased risk of developing lung cancer in subjects carrying the CLPTM1L rs401681 (G>A) polymorphism: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The evaluation of the biomedical effectiveness of poly(amido)amine dendrimers generation 4.0 as a drug and as drug carriers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of percutaneous coronary intervention on chronic total coronary occlusions.
The effect of multivitamin/mineral supplements on age-related cataracts: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
8p22-23-rs2254546 as a susceptibility locus for Kawasaki disease: a case-control  study and a meta-analysis.
Step counter use in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Sorafenib in the treatment of radioiodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on cancer incidence, non-vascular death, and total mortality: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Light therapy for improving cognition, activities of daily living, sleep, challenging behaviour, and psychiatric disturbances in dementia.
Heparin-bonded catheters for prolonging the patency of central venous catheters in children.
Aortic pulse wave velocity improves cardiovascular event prediction: an individual participant meta-analysis of prospective observational data from 17,635 subjects.
High-resolution melting analysis for accurate detection of BRAF mutations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between sleep disturbances and suicidal behaviors in patients with psychiatric diagnoses: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[A comparative study on medium-long term results of conventional and eversion endarterectomy in management of carotid artery stenosis: a meta-analysis].
Peering into the black box: a meta-analysis of how clinicians use decision aids during clinical encounters.
Checking whether there is an increased risk of post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder and other cancers with specific modern immunosuppression regimens in renal transplantation: protocol for a network meta-analysis of randomized and observational studies.
Prognostic significance of neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio in hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Clinical efficacy of posterior versus anterior instrumentation for the treatment  of spinal tuberculosis in adults: a meta-analysis.
Association between PITX3 promoter polymorphism and risk of Parkinson's disease:  the impact of ethnicity and onset age.
Association between norepinephrine transporter T-182C polymorphism and major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of acupuncture to treat irritable bowel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Statins and the risk of colorectal cancer: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of 40 studies.
Mortality rates in people dually infected with HIV-1/2 and those infected with either HIV-1 or HIV-2: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of isoniazid prophylactic therapy in prevention of tuberculosis in children: a meta-analysis.
Clinical significance of fibroblast growth factor receptor-3 mutations in bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetics of rheumatoid arthritis contributes to biology and drug discovery.
Recombinant human follicle-stimulating hormone (r-hFSH) plus recombinant luteinizing hormone versus r-hFSH alone for ovarian stimulation during assisted reproductive technology: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of human Salmonellosis in Ethiopia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Structural integrity after rotator cuff repair does not correlate with patient function and pain: a meta-analysis.
Ratio of n-3/n-6 PUFAs and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of 274135 adult females from 11 independent prospective studies.
Prognostic significance of glypican-3 in hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of homicide recidivism and schizophrenia.
Association between insomnia symptoms and mortality: a prospective study of U.S.  men.
Effect of statins on cardiovascular events in patients with mild to moderate chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of global left ventricular function comparing multidetector computed tomography with cardiac magnetic resonance imaging.
Meta-analysis of same versus different stent for drug-eluting stent restenosis.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for adiponectin levels in East Asians identifies a novel locus near WDR11-FGFR2.
Neural network of cognitive emotion regulation--an ALE meta-analysis and MACM analysis.
Large scale integration of drug-target information reveals poly-pharmacological drug action mechanisms in tumor cell line growth inhibition assays.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials of peer support for people with severe mental illness.
Continuous versus interrupted skin sutures for non-obstetric surgery.
Tea consumption and prostate cancer: an updated meta-analysis.
Change in mental health after smoking cessation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the epithelial cadherin -160C/A gene polymorphism and diffuse gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The effect of antenatal education in small classes on obstetric and psycho-social outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
HHV-8 seroprevalence: a global view.
Long-term coffee consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
The serotonin transporter gene polymorphism (5-HTTLPR) and irritable bowel syndrome: a meta-analysis of 25 studies.
Cystathionine beta-synthase 844ins68 polymorphism is unrelated to susceptibility  to neural tube defects.
The Cytochrome P4501A1 gene polymorphisms and idiopathic male infertility risk: a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
An individual person data meta-analysis of preoperative magnetic resonance imaging and breast cancer recurrence.
Empirical Bayes estimation of the selected treatment mean for two-stage drop-the-loser trials: a meta-analytic approach.
Incentive spirometry for prevention of postoperative pulmonary complications in upper abdominal surgery.
Intravenous versus inhalational anaesthesia for paediatric outpatient surgery.
Multiple component interventions for preventing falls and fall-related injuries among older people: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions at caesarean section for reducing the risk of aspiration pneumonitis.
Accuracy of fecal immunochemical tests for colorectal cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin use is not associated with reduced risk of skin cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of sedentary behaviour with colon and rectal cancer: a meta-analysis  of observational studies.
Clinical outcomes with bioabsorbable polymer- versus durable polymer-based drug-eluting and bare-metal stents: evidence from a comprehensive network meta-analysis.
Medicinal plants for women's healthcare in southeast Asia: a meta-analysis of their traditional use, chemical constituents, and pharmacology.
Adult scaphoid fracture.
Single dilator vs. guide wire dilating forceps tracheostomy: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Thiazolidinediones and cancer: results of a meta-analysis of randomized clinical  trials.
Parkinson's disease and risk of mortality: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Ultrasound-guided compared to conventional treatment in gestational diabetes leads to improved birthweight but more insulin treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of Chagas disease in Brazil: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adherence to post-exposure prophylaxis for non-forcible sexual exposure to HIV: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Oxygen extraction fraction and stroke risk in patients with carotid stenosis or occlusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of multiparametric MRI for prostate cancer detection: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: the proportion of chronic hepatitis B patients with normal alanine transaminase ≤ 40 IU/L and significant hepatic fibrosis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: the association between human papillomavirus infection and oesophageal cancer.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: highly selective 5-HT4 agonists (prucalopride, velusetrag or naronapride) in chronic constipation.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: non-invasive assessment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease--the role of transient elastography and plasma cytokeratin-18 fragments.
Association of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality with prehypertension: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparing carvedilol versus metoprolol for the prevention of postoperative atrial fibrillation following coronary artery bypass grafting.
Meta-analysis of gender differences in residual stroke risk and major bleeding in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation treated with oral anticoagulants.
Meta-analysis of prognostic implications of dyspnea versus chest pain in patients referred for stress testing.
L-Carnitine supplementation for adults with end-stage kidney disease requiring maintenance hemodialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Contribution of transforming growth factor α polymorphisms to nonsyndromic orofacial clefts: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Red meat and processed meat consumption and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis.
Association between thiopurine use and nonmelanoma skin cancers in patients with  inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Effects of bariatric surgery on cardiac structure and function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aliskiren/amlodipine vs. aliskiren/hydrochlorothiazide in hypertension: indirect  meta-analysis of trials comparing the two combinations vs. monotherapy.
Impact of more restrictive blood transfusion strategies on clinical outcomes: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Telbivudine versus entecavir for nucleos(t)ide-naive HBeAg-positive chronic hepatitis B: a meta-analysis.
Prophylactic phenylephrine for caesarean section under spinal anaesthesia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transversus abdominis plane block to ameliorate postoperative pain outcomes after laparoscopic surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Low-dose hydrocortisone therapy attenuates septic shock in adult patients but does not reduce 28-day mortality: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Conscientiousness and medication adherence: a meta-analysis.
Impact of exogenous testosterone on mood: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Personal hair dye use and bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of inhaled corticosteroids in the treatment of acute asthma in children in the emergency department: a meta-analysis.
Effect of adding gemtuzumab ozogamicin to induction chemotherapy for newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis of prospective randomized phase III trials.
Cisplatin and gemcitabine for advanced biliary tract cancer: a meta-analysis of two randomised trials.
A meta-analysis of patient outcomes with subcentimeter disease after chemotherapy for metastatic non-seminomatous germ cell tumor.
An update on a systematic review of the use of geriatric assessment for older adults in oncology.
A meta-analysis comparing breast conservation therapy alone to the oncoplastic technique.
Effect of tumour necrosis factor blockers on radiographic progression of psoriatic arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the role of routine colonic evaluation after radiologically confirmed acute diverticulitis.
Prognostic biomarkers in patients with resected cholangiocarcinoma: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of positive circumferential resection margin in esophageal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Complications of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for treatment of cardiogenic shock and cardiac arrest: a meta-analysis of 1,866 adult patients.
Outcomes of surgical versus balloon angioplasty treatment for native coarctation  of the aorta: a meta-analysis.
Could capsaicinoids help to support weight management? A systematic review and meta-analysis of energy intake data.
Risk of childhood overweight or obesity associated with excessive weight gain during pregnancy: a meta-analysis.
Artificial total disc replacement versus fusion for lumbar degenerative disc disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of systemically oriented psychotherapies in the treatment of perinatal depression: a meta-analysis.
Low- versus high-dose rituximab for rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of anti-RNA polymerase III antibodies in systemic sclerosis: New data  from a French cohort and a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anti-inflammatory strategies to reduce acute kidney injury in cardiac surgery patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The cardiomyopathy-associated 5 (CMYA5) gene and risk of schizophrenia: meta-analysis of rs3828611 and rs4704591 in East Asian populations.
Serum lipid concentrations among persons with spinal cord injury - a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Hyperuricemia and risk of stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The association between three promoter polymorphisms of IL-10 and inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD): a meta-analysis.
The association of UGT1A1*6 and UGT1A1*28 with irinotecan-induced neutropenia in  Asians: a meta-analysis.
Sex prevalence of major congenital anomalies in the United Kingdom: a national population-based study and international comparison meta-analysis.
Impact of self-management interventions on stable angina symptoms and health-related quality of life: a meta-analysis.
Is the Timed Up and Go test a useful predictor of risk of falls in community dwelling older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An estimation of the incidence of squeaking and revision surgery for squeaking in ceramic-on-ceramic total hip replacement: a meta-analysis and report from the Australian Orthopaedic Association National Joint Registry.
Simulation-based training in anaesthesiology: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of systemic treatments for moderate-to-severe psoriasis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Psoriasis and smoking: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effective behaviour change techniques in smoking cessation interventions for people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Extended-duration hospital shifts, medical errors and patient mortality.
Interventions for reducing benzodiazepine use in older people: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Physical activity during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of enhanced recovery programmes in surgical patients.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of the World Health Organization surgical safety checklist on postoperative complications.
Mutations in the HFE gene and sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis risk: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Treatment and outcomes in diabetic breast cancer patients.
Pre-treatment loss to follow-up in tuberculosis patients in low- and lower-middle-income countries and high-burden countries: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Comparing outcomes of donation after cardiac death versus donation after brain death in liver transplant recipients with hepatitis C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aspirin use and early age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between induced abortion and breast cancer risk among Chinese females.
Association between statin use and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 42  studies.
Variants in the 5'-upstream region of GPC5 confer risk of lung cancer in never smokers.
Reproductive factors and breast cancer risk among BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation carriers: results from ten studies.
Prior autoimmune disease and risk of monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance and multiple myeloma: a systematic review.
Alcohol drinking and second primary cancer risk in patients with upper aerodigestive tract cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Prognostic value of p16 promoter hypermethylation in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Metabolic complications with the use of mTOR inhibitors for cancer therapy.
Thermal versus impedance-based ablation of renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Physical and sexual abuse in orphaned compared to non-orphaned children in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[The safety of early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (<48 hours) for patients with mild gallstone pancreatitis: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis].
Impact of programming strategies aimed at reducing nonessential implantable cardioverter defibrillator therapies on mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of wide antral versus ostial pulmonary vein isolation:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stent thrombosis with second-generation drug-eluting stents compared with bare-metal stents: network meta-analysis of primary percutaneous coronary intervention trials in ST-segment–elevation myocardial infarction [corrected].
Diagnostic accuracy of serum glypican-3 for hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
High prevalence of osteoporosis in patients with chronic pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Inflammatory bowel disease is associated with an increased risk of melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protection by BCG vaccine against tuberculosis: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Healthcare-associated pneumonia does not accurately identify potentially resistant pathogens: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Yield of contact investigations in households of patients with drug-resistant tuberculosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review or meta-analysis? Their place in the evidence hierarchy.
Systematic reviews and meta-analyses in infectious diseases: topics that merit special attention.
The effects of clinical and statistical heterogeneity on the predictive values of results from meta-analyses.
Systematic reviews and meta-analyses of diagnostic test accuracy.
Unilateral versus bilateral pedicle screw fixation in lumbar interbody fusion: a  meta-analysis of complication and fusion rate.
Dietary flavonoids intake and risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Cost-effectiveness of pharmacogenetics-guided warfarin therapy vs. alternative anticoagulation in atrial fibrillation.
CYP2D6 genotype and adjuvant tamoxifen: meta-analysis of heterogeneous study populations.
Diagnostic performance of dual-source CT coronary angiography with and without heart rate control: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of altering a single component of a rehabilitation programme on the functional recovery of stroke patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sequential therapy or triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori infection in Asians: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tofacitinib for acute rheumatoid arthritis patients who have had an inadequate response to disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence and factors associated with glucocorticoids (GC) use in systemic sclerosis (SSc): a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies and registries.
Prednisolone combined with adjunctive immunosuppression is not superior to prednisolone alone in terms of efficacy and safety in giant cell arteritis: meta-analysis.
Systemic antifungal prophylaxis after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: a  meta-analysis.
To drain or not to drain extraperitoneal colorectal anastomosis? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Trends and associated factors in prevalence of dental trauma in Latin America and Caribbean: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Health benefits of qigong or tai chi for cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
Bevacizumab in the treatment of pterygium: a meta-analysis.
Procedural learning deficits in specific language impairment (SLI): a meta-analysis of serial reaction time task performance.
Macrolides and mortality in critically ill patients with community-acquired pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prevalence and significance of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus colonization at admission in the general ICU Setting: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Inhaled nitric oxide does not reduce mortality in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome regardless of severity: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Therapeutic hypothermia and the risk of infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of tumor necrosis factor alpha promoter polymorphism (TNF-α 238 G/A and TNF-α 308 G/A) with diabetic mellitus, diabetic retinopathy and diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Ventilation with lower tidal volumes for critically ill patients without the acute respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic translational review and meta-analysis.
Association between the IFNG +874A/T gene polymorphism and leprosy resistance: a  meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of hand splints in children with cerebral palsy: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Perceptual attunement in vowels: a meta-analysis.
The effect of diabetic neuropathy on foot bones: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Thyroid autoimmunity in Type 1 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Caffeinated and decaffeinated coffee consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and a dose-response meta-analysis.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists and pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Measures to reduce mother-to-child transmission of Hepatitis B virus in China: a  meta-analysis.
Cyclooxygenase-2 expression is associated with poor overall survival of patients  with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of novel local anesthetic wound infiltration techniques for postoperative pain following colorectal resection surgery: a meta-analysis.
Antipsychotic drug exposure and risk of venous thromboembolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of routine total body CT compared with selective CT in trauma patients.
Metabolic syndrome and endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Renal impairment, worsening renal function, and outcome in patients with heart failure: an updated meta-analysis.
Relationship between everolimus exposure and safety and efficacy: meta-analysis of clinical trials in oncology.
Indexed effective orifice area is a significant predictor of higher mid- and long-term mortality rates following aortic valve replacement in patients with prosthesis-patient mismatch.
Risk of hypertension with regorafenib in cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term neurocognitive effects of antipsychotics in schizophrenia: a network meta-analysis.
The use of intravenous magnesium sulphate for acute migraine: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation for relieving acute pain in the prehospital setting: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
Dietary fiber intake and risk of type 2 diabetes: a dose-response analysis of prospective studies.
Should bowel preparation, antifoaming agents, or prokinetics be used before video capsule endoscopy? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between statin use and intracerebral hemorrhage: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Coffee and caffeine intake and incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Hysteroscopic management of retained products of conception: meta-analysis and literature review.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on steroid injection therapy for de Quervain's tenosynovitis in adults.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on the efficacy of probiotics in Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy in children.
Depression and adherence to treatment in diabetic children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Actual evidence in the medical approach to adolescents with idiopathic scoliosis.
Diagnostic value of whole-body diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging for  detection of primary and metastatic malignancies: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of unilateral versus bilateral pedicle screw fixation in lumbar interbody fusion: a meta-analysis.
Anterior corpectomy versus posterior laminoplasty for multilevel cervical myelopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Single-incision mini-slings versus standard midurethral slings in surgical management of female stress urinary incontinence: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of effectiveness and complications.
Robot-assisted and laparoscopic repair of ureteropelvic junction obstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Correlation of pathologic complete response with survival after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in bladder cancer treated with cystectomy: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of surgical outcomes following mitral valve surgery in octogenarians: implications for transcatheter mitral valve interventions.
Effect of magnesium therapy on nocturnal leg cramps: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials with meta-analysis using simulations.
Impact of fresh versus cryopreserved testicular sperm upon intracytoplasmic sperm injection pregnancy outcomes in men with azoospermia due to spermatogenic dysfunction: a meta-analysis.
Chronic sequelae of E. coli O157: systematic review and meta-analysis of the proportion of E. coli O157 cases that develop chronic sequelae.
Endotherapy versus surgery for early neoplasia in Barrett's esophagus: a meta-analysis.
Effects of Pro12Ala polymorphism in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ2 gene on metabolic syndrome risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between -1562C>T polymorphism in the promoter region of matrix metalloproteinase-9 and coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Association between IL-6-174G/C polymorphism and risk of multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
The effects of ABCC2 G1249A polymorphism on the risk of resistance to antiepileptic drugs: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Genetic variants associated with colorectal cancer risk: comprehensive research synopsis, meta-analysis, and epidemiological evidence.
Oncologic outcomes of transoral laser microsurgery for radiorecurrent laryngeal carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of English-language literature.
Short and long term effect of adjunctive intra-aortic balloon pump use for patients undergoing high risk reperfusion therapy: a meta-analysis of 10 international randomised trials.
Safety and efficacy of dabigatran versus warfarin in patients undergoing catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of genetic variants of matrix metalloproteinases with abdominal aortic aneurysm: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of antihypertensive treatment in patients over 65 years of age: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled studies.
The impact of smoking on clinical efficacy and pharmacodynamic effects of clopidogrel: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the adiponectin +45T>G genotype and risk of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Long-term clinical outcomes of statin use for chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis of 15 prospective studies.
Laparoscopic versus open liver resection: a meta-analysis of long-term outcome.
A meta-analysis of cerebellar contributions to higher cognition from PET and fMRI studies.
The association between the C-509T and T869C polymorphisms of TGF-β1 gene and the risk of asthma: a meta-analysis.
Toll-like receptor 4 gene Asp299Gly polymorphism in myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of 15,148 subjects.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies novel susceptibility loci for obesity.
Genome-wide association study of ancestry-specific TB risk in the South African Coloured population.
Is flow-mediated dilation nitric oxide mediated?: A meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of bupivacaine versus lidocaine in dental treatments: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Psychological interventions for coronary heart disease: cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Indirect treatment comparison between fixed-dose-combinations of amlodipine/losartan and amlodipine/valsartan in blood pressure control.
Helicobacter species infection may be associated with cholangiocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of interferon-alpha-associated depression with antidepressant medications in patients with hepatitis C virus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of short- and long-term outcomes after extralevator abdominoperineal excision and standard abdominoperineal excision for rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of chlorhexidine dentifrice or gel on plaque, clinical parameters of gingival inflammation and tooth discoloration: a systematic review.
Primary prevention of dental erosion by calcium and fluoride: a systematic review.
Liver enzymes and risk of all-cause mortality in general populations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of reverse breech extraction to deliver a deeply impacted head during cesarean delivery.
Prognosis of adenosquamous carcinoma compared with adenocarcinoma in uterine cervical cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant use in schizophrenia.
Effects of psychological stress on neutrophil phagocytosis and bactericidal activity in humans--a meta-analysis.
Randomized, placebo controlled and double-blind trials of efficacy and safety of  adalimumab for treating ankylosing spondylitis: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of warfarin vs. antiplatelet therapy in patients with systolic heart failure and sinus rhythm: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Non-continuous versus continuous wound drainage after total knee arthroplasty: a  meta-analysis.
Management of pelvic organ prolapse and quality of life: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Benefits and harm of niacin and its analog for renal dialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ultrasound-guided radial artery catheterization: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Uveal melanoma among Finnish children and young adults.
Tiotropium HandiHaler improves the survival of patients with COPD: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pubertal timing in girls and depression: a systematic review.
Effectiveness of t'ai chi and qigong on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of atomoxetine in children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: results from a comprehensive meta-analysis and metaregression.
Alpha-2 agonists for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in youth: a systematic review and meta-analysis of monotherapy and add-on trials to stimulant therapy.
Effects of antihypertensive treatment in Asian populations: a meta-analysis of prospective randomized controlled studies (CARdiovascular protectioN group in Asia: CARNA).
Lower incidence of emergence agitation in children after propofol anesthesia compared with sevoflurane: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Postoperative cognitive dysfunction after total joint arthroplasty in the elderly: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between HLA-G polymorphism and susceptibility to recurrent miscarriage: a meta-analysis of non-family-based studies.
Apolipoprotein E (Apo E) gene polymorphisms and recurrent pregnancy loss: a meta-analysis.
Effects of weight-bearing activities on bone mineral content and density in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Continuing antiplatelet therapy before cardiac surgery with cardiopulmonary bypass: a meta-analysis on the need for reexploration and major outcomes.
B-type natriuretic peptide-guided versus symptom-guided therapy in outpatients with chronic heart failure: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Perioperative levosimendan therapy is associated with a lower incidence of acute  kidney injury after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
KCNQ1 rs2237892 C→T gene polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Asian population: a meta-analysis of 15,736 patients.
CT perfusion and delayed cerebral ischemia in aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Steroids for surgery during cardiopulmonary bypass in adults: a meta-analysis.
Unstimulated highly sensitive thyroglobulin in follow-up of differentiated thyroid cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
The association between metabolic syndrome and hepatocellular carcinoma: systemic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the A1298C polymorphism in MTHFR gene with ischemic stroke.
Meta-analysis of single crowns supported by short (<10 mm) implants in the posterior region.
Efficacy and safety of telaprevir and boceprevir in patients with hepatitis C genotype 1: a meta-analysis.
Risk of death associated with the use of conventional vs. atypical antipsychotic  medications: evaluating the use of the Emilia-Romagna Region database for pharmacoepidemiological studies.
Efficacy of psychotherapeutic interventions to promote forgiveness: a meta-analysis.
Loop diuretic strategies in patients with acute decompensated heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Fluid resuscitation with hydroxyethyl starches in patients with sepsis is associated with an increased incidence of acute kidney injury and use of renal replacement therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Selenium supplementation in critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of continuous vs intermittent infusion of loop diuretics in hospitalized patients.
Determinants of health-related quality of life in Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of stress in dental students.
Meta-analysis on brain representation of experimental dental pain.
Impact of long-term warfarin treatment on EVAR durability: a meta-analysis.
Association of inorganic arsenic exposure with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Early child-parent attachment and peer relations: a meta-analysis of recent research.
Prophylactic pancreatic stent placement and post-ERCP pancreatitis: an updated meta-analysis.
Folate intake and the risk of upper gastrointestinal cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic resection therapies for rectal neuroendocrine tumors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Single-incision versus conventional laparoscopic appendectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Alcohol drinking does not affect postoperative surgical site infection or anastomotic leakage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Retinal vascular caliber and the development of hypertension: a meta-analysis of  individual participant data.
Rapid and effective diagnosis of pulmonary tuberculosis with novel and sensitive  loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) assay in clinical samples: a meta-analysis.
Contralateral metachronous hernia following negative laparoscopic evaluation for  contralateral patent processus vaginalis: a meta-analysis.
Aspirin, nonaspirin nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, and acetaminophen use and risk of invasive epithelial ovarian cancer: a pooled analysis in the Ovarian  Cancer Association Consortium.
Personality disorders in eating disorder not otherwise specified and binge eating disorder: a meta-analysis of comorbidity studies.
The prevalence and incidence of Parkinson's disease in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Screening for poststroke major depression: a meta-analysis of diagnostic validity studies.
Is carpal tunnel syndrome related to computer exposure at work? A review and meta-analysis.
Restrictive versus liberal red blood cell transfusion thresholds in very low birth weight infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials: immediate stent placement vs. surgical bypass in the palliative management of malignant biliary obstruction.
Effectiveness of metronidazole as an adjunct to scaling and root planing in the treatment of chronic periodontitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of intervention programs on child and adolescent BMI: A meta-analysis study.
The increased risk of adverse outcomes in bilateral deep inferior epigastric artery perforator flap breast reconstruction compared to unilateral reconstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the evidence base for add-on treatment for patients with major depressive disorder who have not responded to antidepressant treatment: a European perspective.
The efficacy and safety of ospemifene in treating dyspareunia associated with postmenopausal vulvar and vaginal atrophy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparing single-row and double-row repair techniques in the arthroscopic treatment of rotator cuff tears.
Operative versus nonoperative treatment in the management of midshaft clavicular  fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of spaced retrieval training on semantic memory in Alzheimer’s disease: a systematic review.
Outcome comparison of atlantoaxial fusion with transarticular screws and screw-rod constructs: meta-analysis and review of literature.
How effective is continuing care for substance use disorders? A meta-analytic review.
Pathological and problem gambling in substance use treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The evidence for present-centered therapy as a treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder.
Association between parents' PTSD severity and children's psychological distress: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of left ventricular function by 3-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography in patients with chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between markers of hemostasis and abdominal aortic aneurysm presence and size.
Percutaneous coronary intervention outcomes in patients with stable obstructive coronary artery disease and myocardial ischemia: a collaborative meta-analysis of contemporary randomized clinical trials.
Coronary artery bypass grafting vs percutaneous coronary intervention and long-term mortality and morbidity in multivessel disease: meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials of the arterial grafting and stenting era.
Adenoidectomy as an adjuvant to primary tympanostomy tube placement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of prophylactic inferior vena cava filters in trauma patients:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence and clinical significance of incidental F18-FDG breast uptake: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Metaanalysis to estimate the expected drop out-rates reported in clinical trials on cataract surgery].
'The Sneaky Plica' revisited: morphology, pathophysiology and treatment of synovial plicae of the knee.
Efficacy of carbohydrate counting in type 1 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of human papillomavirus testing on self-collected versus clinician-collected samples: a meta-analysis.
Contemporary management of frontal sinus mucoceles: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-10 promoter 1082/-819/-592 polymorphisms are associated with asthma susceptibility in Asians and atopic asthma: a meta-analysis.
Effects of exercise training on sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of surgical treatments for malignant pleural mesothelioma.
Risk of interstitial lung disease with gefitinib and erlotinib in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of individual patient data from randomized trials of chemotherapy plus cetuximab as first-line treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Obesity has multifaceted impact on biochemical recurrence of prostate cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis of 36,927 patients.
The relationship between epicardial fat and indices of obesity and the metabolic  syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln genetic polymorphism and the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: a  meta-analysis.
Toremifene and tamoxifen have similar efficacy in the treatment of patients with  breast cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
XPC Lys939Gln and Ala499Val polymorphisms in colorectal cancer susceptibility: a  meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Meta-analysis on the association of nucleotide excision repair gene XPD A751C variant and cancer susceptibility among Indian population.
Meta-analysis of the association of glutathione S-transferase T1 null/presence gene polymorphism with the risk of gastric carcinoma.
Role of COMT in ADHD: a systematic meta-analysis.
Molecular genetic evidence for overlap between general cognitive ability and risk for schizophrenia: a report from the Cognitive Genomics consorTium (COGENT).
Cytomegalovirus seropositivity is negatively associated with multiple sclerosis.
[Short-term therapeutic effect of Endostar combined with chemotherapy for advanced colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Association of leptin receptor gene polymorphisms with hypertension in Chinese population: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of gene-level tests for rare variant association.
Cardiovascular disease in CKD in 2013: Reducing cardiovascular risk--light at the end of the tunnel.
Prevalence and severity of oral disease in adults with chronic kidney disease: a  systematic review of observational studies.
Effects of uric acid-lowering therapy on renal outcomes: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Association of transforming growth factor-β1 T869C gene polymorphism with diabetic nephropathy risk.
Selection and stopping in voluntary action: a meta-analysis and combined fMRI study.
Social cognition and the cerebellum: a meta-analysis of over 350 fMRI studies.
Genetic polymorphism of β-fibrinogen gene-455G/A can contribute to the risk of ischemic stroke.
A meta-analysis of sex differences in human brain structure.
Diagnostic value of 18F-FDG-PET or PET-CT in recurrent cervical cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis revealed insights into the sources, conservation and impact of microRNA 5'-isoforms in four model species.
Breastfeeding and the maternal risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Effect of antioxidant vitamin supplementation on endothelial function in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Size at birth and abdominal adiposity in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Leptin levels and risk of type 2 diabetes: gender-specific meta-analysis.
The impact of preoperative gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist treatment on women with uterine fibroids: a meta-analysis.
Salivary gland transfer to prevent radiation-induced xerostomia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Enamel roughness and incidence of caries after interproximal enamel reduction: a  systematic review.
Anterior decompression and fusion versus posterior laminoplasty for multilevel cervical compressive myelopathy.
Clinical practice guideline: acute otitis externa.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of endoscopic balloon dilation of pediatric subglottic stenosis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of pharmacological therapies for painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Parenting as a reaction evoked by children's genotype: a meta-analysis of children-as-twins studies.
HLA alleles and hypersensitivity to carbamazepine: an updated systematic review with meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between dopamine transporter genotype and response to methylphenidate treatment in ADHD.
Drug-gene interactions and the search for missing heritability: a cross-sectional pharmacogenomics study of the QT interval.
Genome-wide association analyses suggest NELL1 influences adverse metabolic response to HCTZ in African Americans.
Safety of tissue expander/implant versus autologous abdominal tissue breast reconstruction in postmastectomy breast cancer patients: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
Incident HIV during pregnancy and postpartum and risk of mother-to-child HIV transmission: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of water, sanitation, and hygiene on the prevention of trachoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protective effects of dietary PUFA against chronic disease: evidence from epidemiological studies and intervention trials.
The Kallikrein Panel for prostate cancer screening: its economic impact.
Cognitive behavioural therapy for psychosis prevention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between job burnout and secondary traumatic stress among workers with indirect exposure to trauma.
Prevalence of depression in cancer patients: a meta-analysis of diagnostic interviews and self-report instruments.
Islamic fasting and weight loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of roflumilast in patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of psychoeducational support on quality of life in early-stage breast cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 -2518G/A gene polymorphism and the risk of nephropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus among Asians: a meta-analysis.
Hysteroscopy prior to the first IVF cycle: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of strengthening interventions in individuals with cerebral palsy.
β2 agonist for the treatment of acute lung injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcomes in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: a meta-analysis from placebo controlled trials.
Nocturnal noninvasive positive pressure ventilation in stable COPD: a systematic  review and individual patient data meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association of IL-6 -174 G/C and -572 G/C polymorphisms with systemic lupus erythematosus risk.
Selective beta-1 blockers deteriorate glucose metabolism. A meta-analysis.
Image-enhanced, chromo, and cap-assisted colonoscopy for improving adenoma/neoplasia detection rate: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Responsiveness of muscle size and strength to physical training in very elderly people: a systematic review.
BDNF Val66Met polymorphism and antipsychotic-induced tardive dyskinesia occurrence and severity: a meta-analysis.
Biomarkers of gluten sensitivity in patients with non-affective psychosis: a meta-analysis.
The obsessive compulsive spectrum in schizophrenia, a meta-analysis and meta-regression exploring prevalence rates.
Tocilizumab in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of efficacy and selected clinical conundrums.
Diagnostic accuracy of a clinical prediction rule (CPR) for identifying patients  with recent-onset undifferentiated arthritis who are at a high risk of developing rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
ABO blood group and vascular disease: an update.
Central venous access by trainees: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the use of simulation to improve success rate on patients.
Comparison of positional therapy versus continuous positive airway pressure in patients with positional obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Sleep problems and work injuries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
HIV prevention interventions to reduce sexual risk for African Americans: the influence of community-level stigma and psychological processes.
Sprint interval training effects on aerobic capacity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predicting stroke through genetic risk functions: the CHARGE Risk Score Project.
Bone mineral density and incidence of stroke: European prospective investigation  into cancer-norfolk population-based study, systematic review, and meta-analysis.
Detection of atrial fibrillation after ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antiplatelet treatment for prevention of cerebrovascular events in patients with  vascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of bisphosphonates and the risk of osteonecrosis among cancer patients: a systemic review and meta-analysis of the observational studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of endoscopic submucosal dissection versus transanal endoscopic microsurgery for large noninvasive rectal lesions.
Meta-analysis of complications of colonic stenting versus emergency surgery for acute left-sided malignant colonic obstruction.
Single-port laparoscopic appendectomy versus conventional laparoscopic appendectomy: evidence from randomized controlled trials and nonrandomized comparative studies.
Comparison of the long-term results of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass and sleeve gastrectomy for morbid obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized trials.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopy assisted distal gastrectomy and conventional open distal gastrectomy for EGC.
Investigation of CYP2C19 allele and genotype frequencies in Iranian population using experimental and computational approaches.
FASLG T844C polymorphism and susceptibility to breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
GSTT1 genetic polymorphism and susceptibility to childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between XPC Lys939Gln polymorphism and cutaneous melanoma risk.
Serum carbohydrate antigen 19-9 and prognosis of patients with gastric cancer.
Quantitative assessment of the associations between DNA repair gene XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and gastric cancer.
The Thr241Met polymorphism in the XRCC3 gene is associated with increased risk of cancer in Chinese mainland populations.
Association of XRCC1 genetic polymorphism (Arg399Gln) with laryngeal cancer: a meta-analysis based on 4,031 subjects.
Association between Cyclin D1 polymorphism and oral cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between XRCC3 C18607T polymorphism and glioma risk.
Associations between MTHFR Ala222Val polymorphism and risks of hepatitis and hepatitis-related liver cancer: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor rs2228570 polymorphism and susceptibly to ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Associations between vascular endothelial growth factor polymorphisms and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Effects of murine double minute 2 polymorphisms on the risk and survival of osteosarcoma: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Association of CTLA4 gene polymorphism (rs5742909) with cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic and clinicopathological significance of survivin expression in bladder cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
The association between the Arg280His polymorphism in the XRCC1 gene and the risk of hematological malignancies.
Survivin rs9904341 (G>C) polymorphism contributes to cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis of 26 studies.
Smoking and hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism contribute to lung cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms of XRCC3 Thr241Met (C18067T, rs861539) and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 18 research studies.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and breast cancer risk in Chinese population: a meta-analysis of 22 case-control studies.
TP53 immunohistochemical expression is associated with the poor outcome for hepatocellular carcinoma: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of VEGF-C immunohistochemical expression in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between IL-4 -590C>T polymorphism and gastric cancer risk.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of tumor necrosis factor alpha polymorphism with gastritis and gastric cancer risk.
Polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor gene and the lung cancer risk.
Quantitative assessment of the association between XPG Asp1104His polymorphism and bladder cancer risk.
Association between XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and risk of brain tumors: a meta-analysis.
Murine double minute 2 rs2279744 polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma risk in East Asians: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 polymorphisms and cervical cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
The association between HIF-1α polymorphism and cancer risk: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
G84E mutation in HOXB13 is firmly associated with prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of polymorphisms in interleukin-18 and interleukin-28B genes with outcomes of hepatitis B virus infections: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of the association between GSTM1 polymorphism and colorectal cancer in Asians.
The prognostic value of elevated ezrin in patients with osteosarcoma.
Association between SOD2 C47T polymorphism and lung cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association of RASSF1A promoter methylation with gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of TGF-β1 -509C/T polymorphisms with breast cancer risk: evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor gene (VDR) polymorphisms and the urolithiasis risk: an updated meta-analysis based on 20 case-control studies.
Is the supine position superior to the prone position for percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL)?
Effect of niacin on endothelial function: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of surgical safety checklist effects on teamwork, communication, morbidity, mortality, and safety.
Atlantoaxial fusion with screw-rod constructs: meta-analysis and review of literature.
[Meta analysis on acupuncture-moxibustion for amblyopia [correction of agrypnia]  ].
[Meta-analysis of the clinical significance of thyroidectomy combined with central neck dissection in differentiated thyroid carcinoma at the first treatment].
[Association of GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms with noise-induced hearing loss: a  meta-analysis].
[Correlation of androgen receptor CAG repeats with the risks of benign prostatic  hyperplasia and prostate cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of prognosis after surgical treatment in gastric cancer patients with liver metastasis].
[Efficacy of noninvasive ventilation on in-hospital mortality in patients with acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of clinical randomized controlled trials comparing refractive with diffractive multifocal intraocular lenses in cataract surgery].
Prevention and treatment of acute radiation-induced skin reactions: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Kinship care for the safety, permanency, and well-being of children removed from  the home for maltreatment.
Progestational agents for treating threatened or established preterm labour.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies ORM1 as a novel gene controlling thrombin generation potential.
Multimodal voxel-based meta-analysis of structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging studies in those at elevated genetic risk of developing schizophrenia.
Nocebo in clinical trials for depression: a meta-analysis.
Clonidine premedication for postoperative analgesia in children.
EPHX1 Tyr113His and His139Arg polymorphisms in esophageal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of immunohistochemical expression of hypoxia inducible factor-1α as a prognostic role in gastric cancer.
Combination of chemotherapy and immunotherapy for colon cancer in China: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of Kaposi sarcoma in children with HIV-1 infection.
Alcohol consumption and risk of glioma: a meta-analysis of 19 observational studies.
Liver transplantation versus liver resection in the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Hypoxia increases membrane metallo-endopeptidase expression in a novel lung cancer ex vivo model - role of tumor stroma cells.
Intermittent versus continuous androgen deprivation for locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the CYP1A1 T3801C polymorphism and risk of cancer: evidence from 268 case-control studies.
The RTK/ERK pathway is associated with prostate cancer risk on the SNP level: a pooled analysis of 41 sets of data from case-control studies.
Spousal diabetes as a diabetes risk factor: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A coordinate-based ALE functional MRI meta-analysis of brain activation during verbal fluency tasks in healthy control subjects.
An elevated plasma level of visfatin increases the risk of myocardial infarction.
Genetic variations in the IGF-IGFR-IGFBP axis confer susceptibility to lung and esophageal cancer.
Acupuncture and related interventions for smoking cessation.
RAD51 Gene 135G/C polymorphism and the risk of four types of common cancers: a meta-analysis.
Psychological treatments for depression and anxiety in dementia and mild cognitive impairment.
Association between lutein and zeaxanthin status and the risk of cataract: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of implantable cardioverter defibrillators for primary prevention of sudden cardiac death in subgroups a systematic review.
The accessibility of firearms and risk for suicide and homicide victimization among household members: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Subcutaneous closure versus no subcutaneous closure after non-caesarean surgical  procedures.
The prognostic value of pre-operative and post-operative B-type natriuretic peptides in patients undergoing noncardiac surgery: B-type natriuretic peptide and N-terminal fragment of pro-B-type natriuretic peptide: a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis.
Prosthetic heart valves in pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
Remains of the day: biliary complications related to single-port laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Distance management of inflammatory bowel disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review, network meta-analysis and economic evaluation of biological therapy for the management of active psoriatic arthritis.
Cruciferous vegetables consumption and the risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Association of XPD Lys751Gln polymorphism with head and neck cancer susceptibility: evidence from 11,443 subjects.
Dexmedetomidine for the management of awake fibreoptic intubation.
Effect of fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum L.) intake on glycemia: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Implementation of treatment guidelines for specialist mental health care.
Laparoscopic surgical box model training for surgical trainees with no prior laparoscopic experience.
Interaction between stress and the BDNF Val66Met polymorphism in depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphisms and risk of diabetic nephropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations between interleukin-1 gene polymorphisms and sepsis risk: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized head-to-head trials for effects of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin on apolipoprotein profiles.
Lack of association between cathepsin D C224T polymorphism and Alzheimer's disease risk: an update meta-analysis.
The role of high-frequency oscillations in epilepsy surgery planning.
Perazine for schizophrenia.
E-cadherin gene promoter hypermethylation may contribute to the risk of bladder cancer among Asian populations.
Association of XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism with bladder cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Education influences the association between genetic variants and refractive error: a meta-analysis of five Singapore studies.
Three SNPs in chromosome 11q23.3 are independently associated with systemic lupus erythematosus in Asians.
Efficacy of interventions that include diet, aerobic and resistance training components for type 2 diabetes prevention: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of transcriptome reveals let-7b as an unfavorable prognostic biomarker and predicts molecular and clinical subclasses in high-grade serous ovarian carcinoma.
Hysterectomy and kidney cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Analgesic use and the risk of kidney cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Left radial access for percutaneous coronary procedures: from neglected to performer? A meta-analysis of 14 studies including 7,603 procedures.
Exercise training program characteristics and magnitude of change in functional capacity of heart failure patients.
Physical trauma and risk of multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
CYP2D6 phenotypes and Parkinson's disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Effect of cilostazol in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MTHFR C677T polymorphism and migraine risk: a meta-analysis.
Three polymorphisms of ALOX5AP and risk of ischemic stroke in Chinese: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The effect of tuberculosis treatment on virologic and CD4+ cell count response to combination antiretroviral therapy: a systematic review.
Prenatal exposure to antidepressants and persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Flavonoid intake and risk of CVD: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Effectiveness and safety of orally administered immunotherapy for food allergies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy for patients with gastric cancer after complete resection: a network meta-analysis.
Fast-track program vs traditional care in surgery for gastric cancer.
Effects of pentoxifylline on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of prognostic tests in neonates over 35-week gestational age with  hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy].
Significance of CD44 expression in head and neck cancer: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
MicroRNA sequence polymorphisms and the risk of different types of cancer.
Effects of vitamin D supplements on bone mineral density: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein (ALOX5AP) gene SG13S114 polymorphism and ischemic stroke in Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Managing stress and anxiety through qigong exercise in healthy adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of antibiotic consumption on antibiotic resistance.
Developing and validating risk prediction models in an individual participant data meta-analysis.
Antidepressants for smoking cessation.
Meta-analysis of associations between the TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism with risk of head and neck carcinomas based on case-control studies.
Aerobic glycolysis in the human brain is associated with development and neotenous gene expression.
Cardiovascular events associated with smoking cessation pharmacotherapies: a network meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of level 3 portable sleep tests versus level 1 polysomnography for sleep-disordered breathing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
S-1-based combination therapy vs S-1 monotherapy in advanced gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Controlled low central venous pressure reduces blood loss and transfusion requirements in hepatectomy.
The association between perseverative negative cognitive processes and negative affect in people with long term conditions: a protocol for systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Benefits and harms of adhesion barriers for abdominal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical manifestations of tension pneumothorax: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of adjunctive celecoxib treatment for patients with major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Correspondence of executive function related functional and anatomical alterations in aging brain.
Metformin and gonadotropins for ovulation induction in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Protocol for a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis of benefit of so-called lung-protective ventilation settings in patients under general anesthesia for surgery.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the accuracy of diffusion-weighted MRI in the detection of malignant pulmonary nodules and masses.
Diagnostic accuracy of 18F-FDG-PET and PET/CT in the differential diagnosis between malignant and benign pleural lesions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
ADHD and relative risk of accidents in road traffic: a meta-analysis.
The effects of safety checklists in medicine: a systematic review.
Oxandrolone use in adult burn patients. Systematic review and meta-analysis.
'Suspicious for papillary thyroid carcinoma' before and after The Bethesda System for Reporting Thyroid Cytopathology: impact of standardized terminology.
The incidence of tumor cell contamination of peripheral blood stem cells: a meta-analysis to evaluate the impact of mobilization regimens and the influence on outcomes in breast cancer patients.
Autologous stem cell transplantation as the first-line treatment for peripheral T cell lymphoma: results of a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Prevalence of G6PD deficiency in Iran, a mata-analysis.
Prevalence of human papillomavirus in epithelial ovarian cancer tissue. A meta-analysis of observational studies.
Da-cheng-qi decoction, a traditional Chinese herbal formula, for intestinal obstruction: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Moral disengagement among children and youth: a meta-analytic review of links to  aggressive behavior.
Shuganjieyu capsule for major depressive disorder (MDD) in adults: a systematic review.
Disability and HIV: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of the risk of HIV infection among adults with disabilities in Sub-Saharan Africa.
A meta-analysis and systematic review of HIV risk behavior among fishermen.
Cost and radiation savings of partial substitution of ultrasound for CT in appendicitis evaluation: a national projection.
The association of mild, moderate, and binge prenatal alcohol exposure and child  neuropsychological outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: clinical manifestations and management of autoimmune hepatitis in the elderly.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: non-alcoholic steatohepatitis - a case for  personalised treatment based on pathogenic targets.
The diagnosis of food allergy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The epidemiology of food allergy in Europe: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Complete vs culprit-only revascularization for patients with multivessel disease  undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of automated contrast injection devices versus manual injection and contrast volume on risk of contrast-induced nephropathy.
A systematic review on natural medicines for the prevention and treatment of Alzheimer's disease with meta-analyses of intervention effect of ginkgo.
Biomarker responses to folic acid intervention in healthy adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of dietary patterns and depression in community-dwelling adults.
Effects of anti-obesity drugs, diet, and exercise on weight-loss maintenance after a very-low-calorie diet or low-calorie diet: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The role of thiopurines in reducing the need for surgical resection in Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of recess interventions on children's physical activity--a meta-analysis.
Effect of GLP-1 mimetics on blood pressure and relationship to weight loss and glycemia lowering: results of a systematic meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Effect of dietary pulses on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials.
Prehypertension and Incidence of ESRD: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glycated hemoglobin and risk of death in diabetic patients treated with hemodialysis: a meta-analysis.
Significant study of population stratification, sensitivity analysis and trim and fill analyses on GBA mutation and Parkinson's disease.
Body mass index and mortality in kidney transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESA) for preventing the progression of chronic kidney disease: a meta-analysis of 19 studies.
Effects of allopurinol on endothelial dysfunction: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of intravenous iron therapy for functional iron deficiency anemia in hemodialysis patients: a meta-analysis.
Dialysis hypotension: a role for inadequate increase in arginine vasopressin levels? A systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Hand-assisted laparoscopic surgery versus open surgery for colorectal disease: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open resection for gastric gastrointestinal stromal tumors: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the success of block following combined spinal-epidural vs epidural analgesia during labour.
Heliox-driven β2-agonists nebulization for children and adults with acute asthma: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
[Prehabilitation. Preparing patients for surgery to improve functional recovery and reduce postoperative morbidity].
Diffusion-weighted imaging and diagnosis of transient ischemic attack.
Treatment effect on brain atrophy correlates with treatment effect on disability  in multiple sclerosis.
Hyperglycemia induced by glucocorticoids in nondiabetic patients: a meta-analysis.
Association of leptin gene -2548 G/A polymorphism with obesity: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety profile of antibiotic prophylaxis usage in clean and clean-contaminated plastic and reconstructive surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Performance of the 2010 ACR/EULAR classification criteria for rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic literature review.
Should I send my patient with previous giant cell arteritis for imaging of the thoracic aorta? A systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
The relationship between monoamine oxidase B (MAOB) A644G polymorphism and Parkinson disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative smoking status and postoperative complications: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Imaging features to distinguish malignant and benign branch-duct type intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms of the pancreas: a meta-analysis.
Value of preoperative ultrasound-guided axillary lymph node biopsy for preventing completion axillary lymph node dissection in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis assessing the benefits of concomitant pleural tent procedure after upper lobectomy.
Meta-analysis of staged versus combined carotid endarterectomy and coronary artery bypass grafting.
Meta-analysis in human neuroimaging: computational modeling of large-scale databases.
The neurobiology of language beyond single words.
ERCC1 expression levels predict the outcome of platinum-based chemotherapies in advanced bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of linezolid versus daptomycin for treatment  of vancomycin-resistant enterococcal bacteremia.
Meta-analysis of the adverse effects of long-term azithromycin use in patients with chronic lung diseases.
A meta-analysis of the prevalence of depressive symptoms in Chinese older adults.
Common polymorphisms in the CYP1A1 and CYP11A1 genes and polycystic ovary syndrome risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Pregnancy outcome following loop electrosurgical excision procedure (LEEP) a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Connexin37 gene C1019T polymorphism and risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
ALDH2 Glu504Lys polymorphism and susceptibility to coronary artery disease and myocardial infarction in East Asians: a meta-analysis.
Pain and the risk for falls in community-dwelling older adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Economic evaluation of adult rehabilitation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in a variety of settings.
Genome-wide interaction study identifies RCBTB1 as a modifier for smoking effect  on carotid intima-media thickness.
Effect of L-arginine on immune function: a meta-analysis.
Metabolic effects of testosterone replacement therapy on hypogonadal men with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Laparoscopic versus open surgery for rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Increased sister chromatid exchange in peripheral blood lymphocytes from humans exposed to pesticide: evidence based on a meta-analysis.
The XPD Lys751Gln polymorphism has predictive value in colorectal cancer patients receiving oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association of the cyclooxygenase-2 gene 8473T>C polymorphism with breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors of breast cancer in the Eastern Mediterranean Region: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comprehensive assessment of associations between ERCC2 Lys751Gln/Asp312Asn polymorphisms and risk of non- Hodgkin lymphoma.
Association between the interleukin-17A -197G>A (rs2275913) polymorphism and risk of digestive cancer.
Folate pathway gene MTHFR C677T polymorphism and risk of lung cancer in Asian populations.
Genetic variant in CLPTM1L confers reduced risk of lung cancer: a replication study in Chinese and a meta-analysis.
Lack of effects of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma genetic polymorphisms on breast cancer risk: a case-control study and pooled analysis.
Phytoestrogen intake and risk of ovarian cancer: a meta- analysis of 10 observational studies.
Assessing the diagnostic value of serum Dickkopf-related protein 1 levels in cancer detection: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
High expression of Bcl-2 protein predicts favorable outcome in non-small cell lung cancer: evidence from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of interleukin-1A (IL-1A), IL-1B, and IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1RN) and prostate cancer risk.
No association of the TGF-β1 29T/C polymorphism with breast cancer risk in Caucasian and Asian populations: evidence from a meta-analysis involving 55,841 subjects.
Meta-analysis of associations between interleukin-17 gene polymorphisms and risk  of gastric cancer.
Association between the TGFBR2 G-875A polymorphism and cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Diet and cancer risk in the Korean population: a meta- analysis.
Association between cigarette smoking and RASSF1A gene promoter hypermethylation  in lung cancer patients: a meta- analysis.
Prognostic significance of circulating tumor cells in small--cell lung cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
The ERCC1 C118T polymorphism predicts clinical outcomes of colorectal cancer patients receiving oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy: a meta-analysis based on 22 studies.
Prognostic value of caveolin-1 expression in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Could clinical pathways improve the quality of care in patients with gastrointestinal cancer? A meta-analysis.
Association of CYP2C19 polymorphisms with survival of breast cancer patients using tamoxifen: results of a meta- analysis.
Associations between TLR9 polymorphisms and cancer risk: evidence from an updated meta-analysis of 25,685 subjects.
Diagnostic significance of apparent diffusion coefficient values with diffusion weighted MRI in breast cancer: a meta- analysis.
5,10-Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and colon cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and toxicity of anti-VEGF agents in patients with castration-resistant prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective clinical studies.
Meta analysis of association of the IL-17F rs763780T>C gene polymorphism with cancer risk.
Prognostic value of C-reactive protein in esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Current evidence on the association between rs3757318 of C6orf97 and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between the COMT rs4680 polymorphism and ovarian cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis of 3,940 individuals.
Impact of caspase-8 (CASP8) -652 6N del and D302H polymorphisms on prostate cancer in different ethnic groups.
Body mass index effects on risk of ovarian cancer: a meta- analysis.
Associations of ERCC4 rs1800067 polymorphism with cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Detection of microRNA-21 expression as a potential screening biomarker for colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Adiponectin receptor 1 (ADIPOR1) rs1342387 polymorphism and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between the XRCC1 Arg194Trp polymorphism and glioma risk: an updated  meta-analysis.
Association between a polymorphism in miR-34b/c and susceptibility to cancer--a meta-analysis.
Comparison of pre-operation diagnosis of thyroid cancer with fine needle aspiration and core-needle biopsy: a meta-analysis.
Associations between the rs6010620 polymorphism in RTEL1 and risk of glioma: a meta-analysis of 20,711 participants.
Increased frequency of micronuclei in binucleated lymphocytes among occupationally pesticide-exposed populations: a meta- analysis.
Anti-diabetic medications do not influence risk of lung cancer in patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the HSPA1B ±1267A/G polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 14 case-control studies.
Association between the MDM2 T309G polymorphism and leukemia risk: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of CD44 variant exon 6 expression in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
The AURKA gene rs2273535 polymorphism contributes to breast carcinoma risk - meta-analysis of eleven studies.
Relationship between breast cancer and levels of serum thyroid hormones and antibodies: a meta-analysis.
XPD Lys751Gln and Asp312Asn polymorphisms and susceptibility to skin cancer: a meta-analysis of 17 case-control studies.
Association between the XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and breast cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis of 36 case-control studies.
Role of P14 and MGMT gene methylation in hepatocellular carcinomas: a meta-analysis.
The methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and breast cancer risk in Asian populations.
Efficacy and safety of sorafenib for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Four polymorphisms in the cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2) gene and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of cyclin D1 variants with head and neck cancer susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis.
N-acetyltransferase 2 gene polymorphisms are associated with susceptibility to cancer: a meta-analysis.
Lack of effects of HER-2/neu on prognosis in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between EGFR over-expression and clinicopathologic characteristics in squamous cell carcinoma of the esophagus: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of six randomized control trials of chemotherapy plus anti-HER monoclonal antibody for advanced gastric and gastroesophageal cancer.
Association between three eNOS polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The MDM2 SNP309T>G polymorphism increases bladder cancer risk among Caucasians: a meta-analysis.
No association between traffic density and risk of childhood leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Recreational physical activity and risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Chronic exposure to chlorophenol related compounds in the pesticide production workplace and lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Updated meta-analysis of the association between CYP2E1 RsaI/PstI polymorphisms and lung cancer risk in Chinese population.
Functional RsaI/PstI polymorphism in cytochrome P450 2E1 contributes to bladder cancer susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 null genotype and hepatocellular carcinoma susceptibility in China and India: evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
Breastfeeding and ovarian cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 40 epidemiological studies.
Lack of association between the matrix metalloproteinase-2 -1306C>T polymorphism  and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Which is the best Chinese herb injection based on the FOLFOX regimen for gastric  cancer? A network meta- analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparison of gadobenate dimeglumine and gadopentetate dimeglumine for Breast MRI Screening: a meta-analysis.
Positive association between IL-16 rs11556218 T/G polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of association studies of CYP1A1 genetic polymorphisms with digestive tract cancer susceptibility in Chinese.
ABO blood groups and risk of cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the (GT)n polymorphism of the HO-1 gene promoter region and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of Beclin-1 expression in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Cyclooxygenase-2 promoter 765C increase of digestive tract cancer risk in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of epidermal growth factor receptor mutations between primary tumors and lymph nodes in non-small cell lung cancer: a review and meta-analysis of published data.
Aberrant methylation of genes in sputum samples as diagnostic biomarkers for non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori and pancreatic cancer risk: a meta- analysis based on 2,049 cases and 2,861 controls.
An updated meta-analysis on the association of X-ray repair cross complementing group 1 codon 399 polymorphism with hepatocellular carcinoma risk.
Association between ERCC2 polymorphisms and glioma risk: a meta-analysis.
Nitric oxide synthase 3 gene variants and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Lack of efficacy of Tai Chi in improving quality of life in breast cancer survivors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Roles of E-cadherin (CDH1) genetic variations in cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between RASSF1A Ala133Ser polymorphism and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 8,892 subjects.
How to explain the contradiction of microRNA 200c expression and survival in solid tumors? A meta-analysis.
The CCND1 G870A gene polymorphism and brain tumor risk: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of 18F-FDG-PET in patients with testicular cancer: a meta-analysis.
Correlations between serum IL33 and tumor development: a meta-analysis.
Inflammatory bowel disease and risk of cholangiocarcinoma: evidence from a meta-analysis of population-based studies.
Family history and survival of patients with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of pemetrexed versus docetaxel as a treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of breast cancer and total malignancies in rheumatoid arthritis patients undergoing TNF-α antagonist therapy: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Prognostic significance of C-reactive protein in urological cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis between the association of XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism  and hepatocellular carcinoma risk.
Methionine synthase reductase A66G polymorphism is not associated with breast cancer susceptibility - a meta-analysis.
E-selectin S128R polymorphism is associated with cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association of the MDR1 C3435T polymorphism with susceptibility to gastric cancer and peptic ulcer: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the TP53BP1 rs2602141 A/C polymorphism and cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of DR4 (TRAIL-R1) polymorphisms with cancer risk in Caucasians: an updated meta-analysis.
The G801A polymorphism in the CXCL12 gene and risk of breast carcinoma: evidence  from a meta-analysis including 2,931 subjects.
Genotype CC of rs1800947 in the C-reactive protein gene may increase susceptibility to colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
The exonuclease 1 Glu589Lys gene polymorphism and cancer susceptibility: evidence based on a meta-analysis.
Association between the pre-mir-218 polymorphism and cancer risk in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of selumetinib compared with current therapies for advanced cancer: a meta-analysis.
The NAD(P)H: quinine oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) gene 609 C>T polymorphism is associated with gastric cancer risk: evidence from a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Lack of effects of dietary folate intake on risk of breast cancer: an updated meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Meta analysis of treatment for stage IE~IIE extranodal natural killer /T cell lymphomas in China.
C1420T polymorphism of cytosolic serine hydroxymethyltransferase and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Fulvestrant 250 mg versus anastrozole 1 mg in the treatment of advanced breast cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Glutathione-S-transferase polymorphisms (GSTM1, GSTT1 and GSTP1) and acute leukemia risk in Asians: a meta-analysis.
Endoscopic submucosal dissection versus endoscopic mucosal resection for the treatment of early esophageal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Influence of clinically significant portal hypertension on hepatectomy for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and susceptibility to esophageal cancer in Chinese populations: a meta-analysis.
Abiraterone for treatment of metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between dietary factors and breast cancer risk among Chinese females: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of associations between four polymorphisms in the matrix metalloproteinases gene and gastric cancer risk.
A systematic review of risk factors for brain metastases and value of prophylactic cranial irradiation in non-small cell lung cancer.
Association of oral contraceptives use and lung cancer risk among women: an updated meta-analysis based on cohort and case-control studies.
Effect of low-fat diet on breast cancer survival: a meta-analysis.
Whole brain radiotherapy combined with stereotactic radiotherapy versus stereotactic radiotherapy alone for brain metastases: a meta-analysis.
Factors for postoperative gallstone occurrence in patients with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between VDR polymorphisms and breast cancer: an updated and comparative meta-analysis of crude and adjusted odd ratios.
Non-association of IL-16 rs4778889 T/C polymorphism with cancer risk in Asians: a meta-analysis.
Obesity related adipokines and colorectal cancer: a review and meta-analysis.
Null Glutathione S-transferase T1 and M1 genotypes and oral cancer susceptibility in China and India--a meta-analysis.
A genetic variant in MiR-146a modifies digestive system cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Estrogen receptor alpha gene polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: a case-control study with meta-analysis combined.
Risk of treatment-related mortality with sorafenib in patients with cancer.
Meta-analysis of the MDM2 T309G polymorphism and gastric cancer risk.
[Systematic review and meta-analysis of the accuracy of "impaired gas exchange" defining characteristics].
Effect of fructose on postprandial triglycerides: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials.
HDL-C, triglycerides and carotid IMT: a meta-analysis of 21,000 patients with automated edge detection IMT measurement.
Effect of health insurance on the utilisation of allied health services by people with chronic disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[The genetic walk of evolution].
A meta-analysis of the association of PPARγ rs1801282 polymorphism and NSAID usage with the risk of developing cancer.
Meta-analysis of the risk of upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage with combination therapy of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
MAOA, childhood maltreatment, and antisocial behavior: meta-analysis of a gene-environment interaction.
Improved meta-analytic methods show no effect of chromium supplements on fasting  glucose.
Common polymorphism in the LRP5 gene may increase the risk of bone fracture and osteoporosis.
Maternal obesity and occurrence of fetal macrosomia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical significance of resistin expression in osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis.
Breast cancer risk in rheumatoid arthritis: an update meta-analysis.
Serum fetuin-A levels in patients with cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic impact of high on-treatment platelet reactivity with aspirin or ADP receptor antagonists: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis on randomized trials focusing on the preventive effect of statins on contrast-induced nephropathy.
Efficacy of intrauterine device in the treatment of intrauterine adhesions.
Vasopressin in hemorrhagic shock: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized animal trials.
Association of a miRNA-137 polymorphism with schizophrenia in a Southern Chinese  Han population.
Effects and tolerance of silymarin (milk thistle) in chronic hepatitis C virus infection patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Drug repositioning discovery for early- and late-stage non-small-cell lung cancer.
Evidence for association of the E23K variant of KCNJ11 gene with type 2 diabetes  in Tunisian population: population-based study and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of caudal block as compared to noncaudal regional techniques for inguinal surgeries in children.
Intensive insulin therapy for septic patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Predictive symptoms and signs of severe dengue disease for patients with dengue fever: a meta-analysis.
Abnormal COX2 protein expression may be correlated with poor prognosis in oral cancer: a meta-analysis.
Analyzing association of the XRCC3 gene polymorphism with ovarian cancer risk.
The relationship between interleukin-18 polymorphisms and allergic disease: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of fluorine-18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography in the postchemotherapy management of patients with seminoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of fluorine-18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography in the evaluation of the primary tumor in patients with cholangiocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of low density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) rs2228671 polymorphism and coronary heart disease.
Synchronous and metachronous breast malignancies: a cross-sectional retrospective study and review of the literature.
Association between two common polymorphisms and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
Individual subject meta-analysis of parameters for Giardia duodenalis shedding in animal experimental models.
Alcohol use among Chinese men who have sex with men: an epidemiological survey and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and cost-efficacy of biologic therapies for moderate to severe psoriasis: a meta-analysis and cost-efficacy analysis using the intention-to-treat principle.
Adverse prognostic factors and optimal intervention time for kyphoplasty/vertebroplasty in osteoporotic fractures.
Frequency of the congenital transmission of Trypanosoma cruzi: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Additional information from chromosomal microarray analysis (CMA) over conventional karyotyping when diagnosing chromosomal abnormalities in miscarriage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the clinical effectiveness of bipolar compared with monopolar transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP).
Preventing catheter-related bacteremia with taurolidine-citrate catheter locks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transversus abdominis-plane block versus local anesthetic wound infiltration in lower abdominal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on the utility of Interferon-gamma release assays for the diagnosis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection in children: a 2013 update.
Impact of being overweight on outcomes of hematopoietic SCT: a meta-analysis.
Incidence of postoperative death and acute kidney injury associated with i.v. 6%  hydroxyethyl starch use: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of pharmacist-led fee-for-services medication review.
Blood microvessel density, lymphatic microvessel density and lymphatic invasion in predicting melanoma metastases: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of general practice-based health checks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recommencement of anticoagulation in chronic subdural haematoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive-behavioural therapy for the symptoms of schizophrenia: systematic review and meta-analysis with examination of potential bias.
Effectiveness of psychotherapy for severe somatoform disorder: meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of percutaneous subclavian vein puncture versus surgical venous cutdown for the insertion of a totally implantable venous  access device.
Efficacy of memory rehabilitation therapy: a meta-analysis of TBI and stroke cognitive rehabilitation literature.
Moderate hypothermia treatment in adult patients with severe traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of pemetrexed-based doublet compared with pemetrexed alone for the second-line treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Lymph node ratio and breast cancer prognosis: a meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of everolimus plus exemestane versus fulvestrant for hormone-receptor-positive advanced breast cancer following progression/recurrence after endocrine therapy: a network meta-analysis.
Endoscopic transmural necrosectomy for walled-off pancreatic necrosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reference values for maximal inspiratory pressure: a systematic review.
Microvessel density as a prognostic factor in bladder cancer: a systematic review of literature and meta-analysis.
The impact of IKZF1 deletion on the prognosis of acute lymphoblastic leukemia: an updated meta-analysis.
Association between +936 C>T gene polymorphism of vascular endothelial growth factor and lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of circulating inflammatory factors in non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
XRCC1 genetic polymorphism Arg339Gln, Arg194Trp, Arg280His and gastric cancer risk: an evidence based decision.
Association between raf kinase inhibitor protein loss and prognosis in cancers of the digestive system: a meta-analysis.
The interleukin-10-1082A>G polymorphism and lymphoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of cytotoxic T lymphocyte antigen-4 +49A/G polymorphism and cancer risk: An updated meta-analysis.
Epidermal growth factor receptor could play a prognostic role to predict the outcome of nasopharyngeal carcinoma: A meta-analysis.
Iron and cancer risk--a systematic review and meta-analysis of the epidemiological evidence.
Physical activity is associated with reduced risk of gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preoperative risk factors for residual tricuspid regurgitation after isolated left-sided valve surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of warfarin plus aspirin combination therapy for giant coronary artery aneurysm secondary to Kawasaki disease: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of cardiac computed tomography angiography in patients with suspected coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and safety of drug-eluting stent and conventional therapies  in coronary heart disease patients with in-stent restenosis: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene and susceptibility to depression in Asian population: a systematic meta-analysis.
Head position and cerebral blood flow velocity in acute ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hyperhomocysteinemia and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphism in cervical artery dissection: a meta-analysis.
Blood markers of coagulation, fibrinolysis, endothelial dysfunction and inflammation in lacunar stroke versus non-lacunar stroke and non-stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Feeling good, happy, and proud: a meta-analysis of positive ethnic-racial affect  and adjustment.
Maternal smoking during pregnancy and neural tube defects in offspring: a meta-analysis.
Role of non-contrast balanced steady-state free precession megnetic resonance angiography compared to contrast-enhanced megnetic resonance angiography in diagnosing renal artery stenosis: a meta-analysis.
Value of diffusion-weighted imaging in distinguishing pancreatic carcinoma from mass-forming chronic pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Intravitreal bevacizumab with or without triamcinolone acetonide for diabetic macular edema: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Impact of vitamin D supplementation on the outcome of tuberculosis treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of vitamin D3 in patients with diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Outcome of kidney transplantation between controlled cardiac death and brain death donors: a meta-analysis.
Association between plasma brain natriuretic peptide/N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide levels and atrial fibrillation: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of depression in coronary heart disease in China: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Comparison of the clinical and radiological outcomes following midvastus and medial parapatellar approaches for total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Effect of tacrolimus in idiopathic membranous nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of the phospholipase C epsilon 1 gene and risk of gastric cancer.
Perioperative outcomes of laparoscopic versus open splenectomy for nontraumatic diseases: a meta-analysis.
Radiofrequency ablation versus partial nephrectomy for the treatment of clinical  stage 1 renal masses: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of interleukin-6 promoter polymorphism with knee osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis.
T8590C polymorphism of CYP4A11 is a risk factor for hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Effects of tacrolimus and cyclosporine treatment on metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk factors after renal transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Impact of biodegradable versus durable polymer drug-eluting stents on clinical outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of 15 randomized trials.
Prostate cancer antigen 3 test for prostate biopsy decision: a systematic review  and meta analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor gene polymorphisms and endometriosis in Asians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of early administration of tirofiban in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Ertapenem versus ceftriaxone for the treatment of complicated infections: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Transradial versus transfemoral percutaneous coronary intervention in elderly patients: a systematic overview and meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy with or without irinotecan in patients with advanced or recurrent gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Relation of myocardial bridge to myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
ImmunoCyt™ and cytology for diagnosis of bladder carcinoma: a meta analysis.
Caspofungin versus liposomal amphotericin B for treatment of invasive fungal infections or febrile neutropenia.
Efficacy and safety of first-line chemotherapy plus bevacizumab in patients with  metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Serum interleukin-10 levels and adverse events in patients with acute coronary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Concurrent chemoradiotherapy comparison of taxanes and platinum versus 5-fluorouracil and platinum in nasopharyngeal carcinoma treatment.
Nobori biolimus-eluting stent vs. permanent polymer drug-eluting stents in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
The effects of continuous positive airways pressure therapy on cardiovascular end points in patients with sleep-disordered breathing and heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
VEGF-C in non-small cell lung cancer: meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of combined tests of anti cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody and rheumatoid factor for rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of medical therapy for low bone mineral density in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Risk of having BRCA1 mutation in high-risk women with triple-negative breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Searching for an optimal hand hygiene bundle: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of Ginkgo biloba extract EGb 761® in dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Estrogen receptor α gene polymorphisms and risk of Alzheimer's disease: evidence  from a meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of developing contrast-induced acute kidney injury following intravascular contrast administration in elderly patients.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of medical leech therapy for osteoarthritis of the knee.
Diagnostic accuracy of Golgi protein 73 in primary hepatic carcinoma using ELISA: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Telbivudine during the second and third trimester of pregnancy interrupts HBV intrauterine transmission: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Third-generation cephalosporins as antibiotic prophylaxis in neurosurgery: what's the evidence?
The Structured Inventory of Malingered Symptomatology (SIMS): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between smoking and p53 mutation in lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of the ADAM33 gene and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease risk:  a meta-analysis.
C-reactive protein levels in schizophrenia: a review and meta-analysis.
Effect of minimally invasive percutaneous plates versus interlocking intramedullary nailing in tibial shaft treatment for fractures in adults: a meta-analysis.
Peripheral nerve blocks for postoperative pain after major knee surgery.
Music interventions for mechanically ventilated patients.
Endoscopic pneumatic dilation versus botulinum toxin injection in the management  of primary achalasia.
Balloon angioplasty, with and without stenting, versus medical therapy for hypertensive patients with renal artery stenosis.
Co-enzyme Q10 supplementation for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Surgical versus medical interventions for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps.
Universal school-based prevention for illicit drug use.
CBT for children with depressive symptoms: a meta-analysis.
The effect of parent involvement in the treatment of anxiety disorders in children: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of transdiagnostic cognitive behaviour therapy for anxiety disorders: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of published outcome studies.
Sex differences in the ability to recognise non-verbal displays of emotion: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of published trials comparing the effectiveness of transanal endoscopic microsurgery and radical resection in the management of early rectal cancer.
Mini-probe ultrasonography for the staging of colon cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of lifestyle interventions to reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with severe mental disorders: meta-analysis of intervention studies.
Statin-associated incident diabetes: a literature review.
Advanced airway management simulation training in medical education: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Critical care transition programs and the risk of readmission or death after discharge from an ICU: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CTLA-4 SNPs (CT60A/G, -1722T/C, -1661G/A, and -318C/T) and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Colorectal cancer and nonfermented milk, solid cheese, and fermented milk consumption: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Pyruvate supplementation for weight loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Efficacy of vitamins B supplementation on mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term clinical efficacy and safety of adding cilostazol to dual antiplatelet  therapy for patients undergoing PCI: a meta-analysis of randomized trials with adjusted indirect comparisons.
Efficacy and tolerability of lanthanum carbonate in treatment of hyperphosphatemia patients receiving dialysis--a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Safety and efficacy of statin treatment alone and in combination with fibrates in patients with dyslipidemia: a meta-analysis.
Hematologic toxicities associated with mTOR inhibitors temsirolimus and everolimus in cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of Mozart's music on interictal activity in epileptic patients: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Meta-analysis identifies tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-1 beta as diagnostic biomarkers for bacterial and aseptic meningitis.
Dry needling for management of pain in the upper quarter and craniofacial region.
The optimal treatment of severe hypertension in pregnancy: update of the role of  nicardipine.
Association between MTHFR gene polymorphism and the risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Intervention efficacy in trials targeting cannabis use disorders in patients with comorbid psychosis systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between genetic variations in the insulin/insulin-like growth factor  (Igf-1) signaling pathway and longevity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antipsychotic discontinuation in patients with dementia: a systematic review and  meta-analysis of published randomized controlled studies.
Topical application of Chinese herbal medicine for atopic eczema: a systematic review with a meta-analysis.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) findings following pediatric non-penetrating TBI:  a meta-analysis.
The incidence of mild and severe hypoglycaemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with sulfonylureas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors and pancreatitis risk: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Effects of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists on cardiovascular risk: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Efficacy and safety of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors and metformin as initial combination therapy and as monotherapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
HbA1c, fasting and 2 h plasma glucose in current, ex- and never-smokers: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of B-RAF(V600E) in difficult-to-diagnose thyroid nodules using fine-needle aspiration: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Considerations for radiation therapy in hepatocellular carcinoma: the radiation oncologists' perspective.
Effectiveness of MRI for the assessment of mesorectal fascia involvement in patients with rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the effect of sham feeding following colectomy: should gum chewing be included in enhanced recovery after surgery protocols?
The impact of E-cadherin expression on the prognosis of esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms involved in folate metabolism and maternal risk for down syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Systemic oxidative stress biomarkers in chronic periodontitis: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of microRNA-375 downregulation in solid tumors: a meta-analysis.
Prediabetes is associated with HNF-4 α P2 promoter polymorphism rs1884613: a case-control study in Han Chinese population and an updated meta-analysis.
Can serum glypican-3 be a biomarker for effective diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma? A meta-analysis of the literature.
K-ras mutational status in cytohistological tissue as a molecular marker for the  diagnosis of pancreatic cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Two polymorphisms in the Fractalkine receptor CX3CR1 gene influence the development of atherosclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Association of the three common SNPs of cyclooxygenase-2 gene (rs20417, rs689466, and rs5275) with the susceptibility of breast cancer: an updated meta-analysis involving 34,590 subjects.
Gene expression profiling of colorectal tumors and normal mucosa by microarrays meta-analysis using prediction analysis of microarray, artificial neural network, classification, and regression trees.
Prognostic role of microRNA-210 in various carcinomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of falls prevention on participation in daily occupations of older adults following discharge: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between seven common OPG genetic polymorphisms and osteoporosis risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between depression and non-fatal overdoses among drug users: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of diarrhea in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with sitagliptin: a meta-analysis of 30 randomized clinical trials.
Clinicopathological significance and potential drug target of p15INK4B in multiple myeloma.
Clinical efficacy of second-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors in imatinib-resistant gastrointestinal stromal tumors: a meta-analysis of recent clinical trials.
Exploratory meta-analysis on lisdexamfetamine versus placebo in adult ADHD.
Sexual dysfunction associated with second-generation antidepressants in patients  with major depressive disorder: results from a systematic review with network meta-analysis.
Association between retinol-binding protein 4 and polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
The effect of MTHFR C677T polymorphism on type 2 diabetes mellitus with vascular  complications in Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis.
Association of the ADIPOQ T45G polymorphism with insulin resistance and blood glucose: a meta-analysis.
CTLA-4 CT60 (rs3087243) polymorphism and autoimmune thyroid diseases susceptibility: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Association of Helicobacter pylori infection with diabetic complications: a meta-analysis.
Body mass index and breast cancer risk according to postmenopausal estrogen-progestin use and hormone receptor status.
Negative spinal bone mineral density changes and subclinical ovulatory disturbances--prospective data in healthy premenopausal women with regular menstrual cycles.
Postmenopausal hormone therapy is not associated with risk of all-cause dementia  and Alzheimer's disease.
Low birth weight in the offspring of women with anorexia nervosa.
Estimating personal exposures from ambient air pollution measures: using meta-analysis to assess measurement error.
A meta-analysis of oestrogen receptor, progesterone receptor and human epidermal  growth factor receptor 2 discordance between primary breast cancer and metastases.
Non-linear dose-response relationship between cigarette smoking and pancreatic cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis of 42 observational studies.
Chromosomal gains and losses in human papillomavirus-associated neoplasia of the  lower genital tract - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of exercise interventions for colorectal cancer patients.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and the risk of melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative statin therapy in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of 90,000 patients.
Prostanoid therapy for pulmonary arterial hypertension: a meta-analysis of survival outcomes.
Vitamin D and high blood pressure: causal association or epiphenomenon?
The role of levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system for endometrial protection in women with breast cancer taking tamoxifen.
Relationship between exposure to extremely low-frequency electromagnetic fields and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Worsening renal function during renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitor initiation and long-term outcomes in patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction.
Uric acid and risk of heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acute effects of high-protein versus normal-protein isocaloric meals on satiety and ghrelin.
Is heme iron intake associated with risk of coronary heart disease? A meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Effects of monitoring strategies on seizures in pregnant women on lamotrigine: a  meta-analysis.
Vaginal delivery versus caesarean section in preterm breech delivery: a systematic review.
Association of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene C677T polymorphism with polycystic ovary syndrome risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis update.
Autologous platelet concentrate for post-extraction socket healing: a systematic  review.
Cemented versus uncemented hemiarthroplasty for displaced femoral neck fractures: an updated meta-analysis.
Insomnia and risk of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Intraperitoneal chemotherapy in advanced gastric cancer. Meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Sentinel lymph node biopsy in patients with microinvasive breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hyperhomocysteinemia and risk of cognitive decline: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
PITX3 and risk for Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The genetic contribution of the NO system at the glutamatergic post-synapse to schizophrenia: further evidence and meta-analysis.
Association of parental communication deviance with offspring's psychiatric and thought disorders. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diffusion-weighted imaging of focal renal lesions: a meta-analysis.
Ultrasound as a diagnostic tool in detecting active Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The association between the C677T polymorphism in MTHFR gene and the risk of thyroid cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus and dementia - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dose-intensive versus dose-control chemotherapy for high-grade osteosarcoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of protective effect of sevoflurane on myocardium during cardiac surgery.
Meta analysis of the association of rs7702187 SNP in SEMA5A gene with risk of Parkinson's disease.
Diagnostic performance of micropthalmia transcription factor for melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Traditional coronary artery bypass graft versus totally endoscopic coronary artery bypass graft or robot-assisted coronary artery bypass graft--meta-analysis of 16 studies.
The +252A/G polymorphism in the Lymphotoxin-α gene and the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review with meta-analysis of posterior interbody fusion versus posterolateral fusion in lumbar spondylolisthesis.
Ropivacaine for continuous wound infusion for postoperative pain management: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Do implantable cardioverter defibrillators improve survival in patients with chronic kidney disease at high risk of sudden cardiac death? A meta-analysis of observational studies.
Spatial abilities and aging: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in folate-metabolizing genes and risk of idiopathic male infertility: a study on a Russian population and a meta-analysis.
Melatonin supplementation during controlled ovarian stimulation for women undergoing assisted reproductive technology: systematic review and meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Optimal method and timing of intrauterine intervention in twin reversed arterial  perfusion sequence: case study and meta-analysis.
Analysis of cell-free DNA in maternal blood in screening for aneuploidies: meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of food processing on pesticide residues in fruits.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between antidepressant use in pregnancy and the risk of preterm birth and low birth weight.
SCN1A rs3812718 polymorphism and susceptibility to epilepsy with febrile seizures: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of circulating miR-21 for cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphism of ERCC2 Asp312Asn with lung cancer risk: evidence from 20,101 subjects.
Avoiding pitfalls in gene (co)expression meta-analysis.
Do women live longer or do men die earlier? Reflections on the causes of sex differences in life expectancy.
Intimate partner violence and current tobacco smoking in low- to middle-income countries: Individual participant meta-analysis of 231,892 women of reproductive  age.
Meta-analysis of Pentacam vs. ultrasound pachymetry in central corneal thickness  measurement in normal, post-LASIK or PRK, and keratoconic or keratoconus-suspect  eyes.
A dose-response meta-analysis of dietary lutein and zeaxanthin intake in relation to risk of age-related cataract.
A meta-analysis of brain mechanisms of placebo analgesia: consistent findings and unanswered questions.
Safety of robotic thyroidectomy approaches: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Can price get the monkey off our back? A meta-analysis of illicit drug demand.
Adenoidectomy with or without grommets for children with otitis media: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Stimulus-dependent activations and attention-related modulations in the auditory  cortex: a meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Paradoxically lower prevalence of peripheral arterial disease in South Asians: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of deferiprone monotherapy and in combination with deferoxamine for reduction of iron overload in chronically transfused patients with β-thalassemia.
Interleukin-6, interleukin-8 and interleukin-10 in estimating the severity of acute pancreatitis: an updated meta-analysis.
Fast track programmes vs. traditional care in laparoscopic colorectal surgery: a  meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Use of pre-operative steroids in liver resection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of fibrin sealants for patients undergoing pancreatic resection.
The role of the right hemisphere in metaphor comprehension: a meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
A systematic review on the nerve-muscle electrophysiology in human organophosphorus pesticide exposure.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis of intraocular pressure.
Meta-analysis of differentially expressed genes in primary Sjogren's syndrome by  using microarray.
Associations between interleukin 1 polymorphisms and susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of inositol for depression and anxiety disorders.
Interleukin 1 beta gene and risk of schizophrenia: detailed case-control and family-based studies and an updated meta-analysis.
The effect of combined oral contraception on testosterone levels in healthy women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
IVF and breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bayesian network meta-analysis suggests a similar effectiveness between a monovalent and a pentavalent rotavirus vaccine: a preliminary report of re-analyses of data from a Cochrane Database Systematic Review.
A meta-analysis of the association between p53 codon 72 polymorphism and susceptibility to endometriosis.
Lack of association between the IL-13 C-1112T, G2044A polymorphisms and Graves' disease risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
A Meta-analysis of the relation between chemokine receptor 5 delta32 polymorphism and multiple sclerosis susceptibility.
The chemokine receptor 5 delta32 polymorphism and type 1 diabetes, Behcet's disease, and asthma: a meta-analysis.
Associations between TRAF1-C5 gene polymorphisms and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of pre-miRNA polymorphisms association with susceptibility to autoimmune diseases.
Cytokine-induced killer cells in the treatment of patients with renal cell carcinoma: a pooled meta-analysis.
Mortality among patients with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus USA300  versus non-USA300 invasive infections: a meta-analysis.
Association between IL12B polymorphisms and tuberculosis risk: a meta-analysis.
Antibodies to infliximab and risk of infusion reactions in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of probiotics on inducing remission and maintaining therapy in ulcerative  colitis, Crohn's disease, and pouchitis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Interleukin-18 promoter polymorphisms and plasma levels are associated with increased risk of periodontitis: a meta-analysis.
Associations between PTPN2 polymorphisms and susceptibility to ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Stent thrombosis in patients with coronary artery disease treated with biodegradable polymer drug-eluting stents: an update meta-analysis.
Natriuretic peptides as an adjunctive treatment for acute myocardial infarction:  insights from the meta-analysis of 1,389 patients from 20 trials.
Differences in weight loss across different BMI classes: a meta-analysis of the effects of interventions with diet and exercise.
Head-to-head comparison of everolimus-eluting stents versus zotarolimus-eluting stents in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor polymorphisms and coronary artery disease: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of Tai Chi on exercise capacity and health-related quality of life in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Once-daily long-acting beta-agonists for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: an indirect comparison of olodaterol and indacaterol.
Depression and anxiety predict health-related quality of life in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of inhaled corticosteroid and long-acting beta agonist combinations in preventing COPD exacerbations: a Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Efficacy of bronchoscopic lung volume reduction: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of hypnosis for chronic pain problems: a comparison between hypnosis, standard care, and other psychological interventions.
Associations between Cox-2 rs20417 and rs5275 polymorphisms and the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta analysis.
Impact of p73 gene polymorphism on cancer susceptibility: a meta analysis.
Prognostic value of p53 alterations in human osteosarcoma: a meta analysis.
Insulin-like growth factor receptor 1 (IGF1R) expression and survival in non-small cell lung cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Increased susceptibility of sepsis associated with CD143 deletion/insertion polymorphism in Caucasians: a meta analysis.
Long-term effects of levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system on tamoxifen-treated breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Association between angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene polymorphism and susceptibility to cancer: a meta analysis.
Thyroid cancer in systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta analysis.
P16INK4a overexpression and survival in osteosarcoma patients: a meta analysis.
Genetic association between the HIF-1α P582S polymorphism and cervical cancer risk: a meta analysis.
Diagnostic value of survivin for malignant pleural effusion: a clinical study and meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of microvessel density in patients with renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic and clinicopathological significance of microRNA-21 overexpression in  breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors influencing the recurrence of papillary thyroid carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells and core decompression in treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral head: a meta-analysis.
Monocyte chemotactic protein-1 expression as a prognosic biomarker in patients with solid tumor: a meta analysis.
Prognostic value of CD44 expression in non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review.
Lenalidomide after stem-cell transplantation for multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Safety of denosumab in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis or low bone mineral density: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of CD117 in cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for central lymph node metastasis of patients with papillary thyroid microcarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of coal workers' pneumoconiosis in China: a systematic analysis of 2001-2011 studies.
A quantitative survey of the literature on poliovirus infection and immunity.
Impact of e-learning on nurses' and student nurses knowledge, skills, and satisfaction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early ambulation after diagnostic transfemoral catheterisation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Loading protocols for implant-supported overdentures in the edentulous jaw: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Implant loading protocols for edentulous patients with fixed prostheses: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Implant loading protocols for partially edentulous patients with extended edentulous sites--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Loading protocols for single-implant crowns: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Esthetic outcomes following immediate and early implant placement in the anterior maxilla--a systematic review.
Systematic review of the survival rate and incidence of biologic, technical, and  esthetic complications of single implant abutments supporting fixed prostheses.
Computer technology applications in surgical implant dentistry: a systematic review.
Peri-implant bone loss around single and multiple prostheses: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do antibiotics decrease implant failure and postoperative infections? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Robot-assisted or conventional laparoscoic rectopexy for rectal prolapse? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bone mineral density after bariatric surgery. A systematic review.
External pancreatic duct stent reduces pancreatic fistula: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Laparoscopic common bile duct exploration versus pre or post-operative ERCP for common bile duct stones in patients undergoing cholecystectomy: is there any difference?
Patency of skeletonized versus pedicled internal thoracic artery in coronary bypass graft surgery: a systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Laparoscopic ultrasonography versus intra-operative cholangiogram for the detection of common bile duct stones during laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy.
Intra-abdominal drainage after pancreatic resection: is it really necessary? A meta-analysis of short-term outcomes.
Computer navigation in total hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A network meta-analysis on the efficacy of 5-aminosalicylates, immunomodulators and biologics for the prevention of postoperative recurrence in Crohn's disease.
Local anesthetic infusion pump for pain management following open inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative infliximab use and postoperative complications in Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of fibrin sealant on blood loss following total knee arthroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Press-fit cementless acetabular fixation with and without screws.
Association of interleukin-18 (-137G/C) polymorphism with rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of mirabegron in treating OAB: a systematic review and meta-analysis of phase III trials.
Stress ulcer prophylaxis versus placebo or no prophylaxis in critically ill patients. A systematic review of randomised clinical trials with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
Efficacy and safety of proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) plus rebamipide for endoscopic submucosal dissection-induced ulcers: a meta-analysis.
Different digestion enzymes used for human pancreatic islet isolation: a mixed treatment comparison (MTC) meta-analysis.
Could glutamate spectroscopy differentiate bipolar depression from unipolar?
Attempted suicide in people with co-occurring bipolar and substance use disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Duration of untreated illness and outcomes in unipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comorbidity of personality disorders in mood disorders: a meta-analytic review of 122 studies from 1988 to 2010.
Midlife vascular risk factors and the risk of Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-pharmacological interventions for patients with mild cognitive impairment: a  meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of cognition-based and exercise interventions.
Perturbed iron distribution in Alzheimer's disease serum, cerebrospinal fluid, and selected brain regions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between cancer and Alzheimer's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic literature review and meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy in Alzheimer's disease and other dementia using autopsy as standard of truth.
Efficacy and safety of donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, and memantine for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metabolic syndrome and longitudinal changes in cognitive function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of cerebrospinal fluid Aβ(1-42) for Alzheimer's disease diagnosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of urinary AD7c-NTP for diagnosing Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of mediterranean diet with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's  disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stroop effects in Alzheimer's disease: selective attention speed of processing, or color-naming? A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of serum non-ceruloplasmin copper in Alzheimer's disease.
Evidence for the efficacy of latrepirdine (Dimebon) treatment for improvement of  cognitive function: a meta-analysis.
Effects of ginger for nausea and vomiting in early pregnancy: a meta-analysis.
Total fructose intake and risk of hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohorts.
Effects of whey protein and resistance exercise on body composition: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The efficacy of glucomannan supplementation in overweight and obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Minimally-invasive vs open pancreaticoduodenectomy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of tai chi on cognitive performance in older adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Differential efficacy of cognitive-behavioral therapy and pharmacological treatments for pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Determinants of resting lipid oxidation in response to a prior bout of endurance  exercise.
Effect of prior exercise on postprandial lipemia: an updated quantitative review.
Personality and adaptive performance at work: a meta-analytic investigation.
Efficacy of luteal phase support with vaginal progesterone in intrauterine insemination: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A replication study and a meta-analysis of the association between the CDKN2A rs1333049 polymorphism and coronary heart disease.
Efficacy and safety of γδT cell-based tumor immunotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Association between physical activity and risk of fracture.
A meta-analysis of the association of fracture risk and body mass index in women.
Neuron specific enolase and prognosis of non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of clinical pathways used in surgery for uterine fibroids: a meta-analysis.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids for the prevention of atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Safety and efficacy outcomes of preoperative aspirin in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between lean mass, fat mass, and bone mineral density: a meta-analysis.
Effects of treatment with metformin on TSH levels: a meta-analysis of literature  studies.
Skewed X chromosome inactivation and female preponderance in autoimmune thyroid disease: an association study and meta-analysis.
The acute cognitive effects of zopiclone, zolpidem, zaleplon, and eszopiclone: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nitrate reductase assay for rapid detection of isoniazid, rifampin, ethambutol, and streptomycin resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Randomized-controlled trials of levetiracetam as an adjunctive therapy in epilepsy of multiple seizure types.
Treatment of periodontitis improves the atherosclerotic profile: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of normal stress cardiovascular magnetic resonance imaging.
Meta-analytic findings of the relation between maternal prenatal stress and anxiety and child cognitive outcome.
Effect of metformin intervention during pregnancy on the gestational diabetes mellitus in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of Helicobacter pylori infection with glycemic control in patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Association between eNOS 4b/a polymorphism and the risk of diabetic retinopathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
The associations between VEGF gene polymorphisms and diabetic retinopathy susceptibility: a meta-analysis of 11 case-control studies.
Early outcomes of thulium laser versus transurethral resection of the prostate for managing benign prostatic hyperplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of comparative studies.
A review on thiazolidinediones and bladder cancer in human studies.
Meta-analyses using individual participant data from cardiovascular cohort studies in Japan: current status and future directions.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on cognitive effects of Bacopa monnieri extract.
Efficacy of cosmetic products in cellulite reduction: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is urinary 1-hydroxypyrene a valid biomarker for exposure to air pollution in outdoor workers? A meta-analysis.
Adiponectin polymorphisms and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between hepatitis B virus genotype B and C and response to interferon therapy in HBeAg positive chronic hepatitis B patients: A meta-analysis.
Prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in mainland of China: a meta-analysis of published studies.
SSRIs for hot flashes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Relative efficacy and safety of preservative-free latanoprost (T2345) for the treatment of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension: an adjusted Indirect comparison meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Estimating the price elasticity of beer: meta-analysis of data with heterogeneity, dependence, and publication bias.
Left-ventricular hypertrophy and obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis of echocardiographic studies.
Diagnostic accuracy of the WHO clinical staging system for defining eligibility for ART in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intimate partner violence and HIV infection among women: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Do injury characteristics predict the severity of acute neuropsychological deficits following sports-related concussion? A meta-analysis.
Athletes' age, sex, and years of education moderate the acute neuropsychological  impact of sports-related concussion: a meta-analysis.
Effects of TNF-α polymorphisms on asthma risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interferon-gamma +874A/T polymorphism is associated with asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy profile and immunological changes associated with oral immunotherapy for IgE-mediated cow's milk allergy in children: systematic review  and meta-analysis.
The -33C/T polymorphism in the interleukin 4 gene is associated with asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
BDNF 196 G/A and 270 C/T polymorphisms and susceptibility to Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Androgen receptor expression and outcomes in early breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of temozolomide versus radiotherapy in elderly glioblastoma patients.
Patterns of cortico-limbic activations during visual processing of sad faces in depression patients: a coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Repeat digital subtraction angiography after a negative baseline assessment in nonperimesencephalic subarachnoid hemorrhage: a pooled data meta-analysis.
Value of repeat head computed tomography after traumatic brain injury: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: low-dose intake of vitamin E combined with other vitamins or minerals may decrease all-cause mortality.
Abdominal adiposity distribution in diabetic/prediabetic and nondiabetic populations: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of hypercoagulability genetic polymorphisms in Perthes disease.
Both bone forearm fractures in children and adolescents, which fixation strategy  is superior - plates or nails? A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Outcomes of ovarian transposition in gynaecological cancers; a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Interventions available over the counter and advice for acute low back pain: systematic review and meta-analysis.
MRI can detect nigral volume loss in patients with Parkinson's disease: evidence  from a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of an implicit measure of personality functioning: the Mutuality  of Autonomy Scale.
Validity of six openness facets in predicting work behaviors: a meta-analysis.
Physical activity and the risk of developing lung cancer among smokers: a meta-analysis.
The prevalence of sexual dysfunction among male patients on methadone and buprenorphine treatments: a meta-analysis study.
Immobilization in internal or external rotation does not change recurrence rates  after traumatic anterior shoulder dislocation.
The role of remote ischemic preconditioning in organ protection after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
The use of tranexamic acid to reduce blood loss and transfusion in major orthopedic surgery: a meta-analysis.
Is laparoscopic approach for pancreatic insulinomas safe? Results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of remote patient monitoring for chronic heart failure patients.
Unilateral versus bilateral antegrade cerebral protection during circulatory arrest in aortic surgery: a meta-analysis of 5100 patients.
Association between thrombophilia and the post-thrombotic syndrome: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Major bleeding during secondary prevention of venous thromboembolism in patients  who have completed anticoagulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Consistency of safety profile of new oral anticoagulants in patients with renal failure.
Effectiveness and safety of novel oral anticoagulants as compared with vitamin K  antagonists in the treatment of acute symptomatic venous thromboembolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Extended-duration new oral anticoagulants for venous thromboprophylaxis in patients undergoing total hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of the randomized controlled trials.
Primary venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in patients with solid tumors: a meta-analysis.
Association between static and dynamic thenar near-infrared spectroscopy and mortality in patients with sepsis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predictive capacity of risk assessment scales and clinical judgment for pressure  ulcers: a meta-analysis.
Effect and reporting bias of RhoA/ROCK-blockade intervention on locomotor recovery after spinal cord injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rheumatoid factor and response to TNF antagonists in rheumatoid arthritis: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Parenteral fish oil lipid emulsions in the critically ill: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Care coordination to enhance management of long-term enteral tube feeding: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of timing of pharmaconutrition (immunonutrition) administration on outcomes of elective surgery for gastrointestinal malignancies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recent advances on hepatitis C virus in dialysis population.
Lower limb strength following total knee arthroplasty: a systematic review.
Single-bundle or double-bundle for anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparing bioabsorbable versus metal interference screw for adverse and clinical outcomes in anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.
The influence of the tibial plateau slopes on injury of the anterior cruciate ligament: a meta-analysis.
Fast-track surgery in gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Autism, lateralisation, and handedness: a review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Candidate gene association studies and risk of chronic lymphocytic leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of fluorine-18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography in the assessment of pleural abnormalities in cancer patients: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Effects of low-fat diet on serum lipids in premenopausal and postmenopausal women: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comprehensive meta-analysis of microRNA expression using a robust rank aggregation approach.
Association of HLA-B27 genetic polymorphisms with ankylosing spondylitis susceptibility worldwide: a meta-analysis.
Endothelial nitric oxide (eNOS) gene G894T and VNTR polymorphisms are closely associated with the risk of ischemic stroke development for Asians: meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
The association between the Lys751Gln polymorphism in the XPD gene and the risk of bladder cancer.
The association of rs1149048 polymorphism in matrilin-1(MATN1) gene with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association of IGFBP-3 gene polymorphisms with colorectal cancer: evidence from 17,380 subjects.
MDR1 C3435T polymorphism and inflammatory bowel disease risk: a meta-analysis.
hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and lung cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between the TP53 polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between polymorphism of MTHFR c.677C>T and risk of cardiovascular disease in Turkish population: a meta-analysis for 2.780 cases and 3.022 controls.
Association between polymorphism in TRAF1/C5 gene and risk of rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Associations between TNF-α -308 A/G and lymphotoxin-α +252 A/G polymorphisms and  susceptibility to sarcoidosis: a meta-analysis.
The TNF-alpha -308G/A polymorphism is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus: an updated meta-analysis.
Relationship between SERPING1 rs2511989 polymorphism and age-related macular degeneration risk: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis: apolipoprotein E genotypes and risk of primary open-angle glaucoma.
Polymorphism in the 11q24.1 genomic region is associated with myopia: a comprehensive genetic study in Chinese and Japanese populations.
Modality dependent cross-modal functional reorganization following congenital visual deprivation within occipital areas: a meta-analysis of tactile and auditory studies.
Meta-analysis of inter-patient pharmacokinetic variability of liposomal and non-liposomal anticancer agents.
A genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Chorioamnionitis as a risk factor for retinopathy of prematurity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Optimal oxygenation of extremely low birth weight infants: a meta-analysis and systematic review of the oxygen saturation target studies.
Vitamin D receptor FokI, BsmI, ApaI, and TaqI polymorphisms and the susceptibility to breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Update meta-analysis on 1790G/A polymorphism and cancer risk: Evidence from 26 studies.
A meta-analysis of the association between CTLA-4 +49 A/G, -318 C/T, and IL-1 polymorphisms and susceptibility to cervical cancer.
Is lead chelation therapy effective for chronic kidney disease? A meta-analysis.
CAS P8 -652 6N del polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Loss of heterozygosity 1p/19q and survival in glioma: a meta-analysis.
The global epidemiology of hereditary ataxia and spastic paraplegia: a systematic review of prevalence studies.
Meta-analyses to investigate gene-environment interactions in neuroepidemiology.
Vitamin A and carotenoids and the risk of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for re-bleeding of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of white matter abnormalities in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Peripheral glutamate levels in schizophrenia: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Are respiratory abnormalities specific for panic disorder? A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of anxiety disorders and temperament.
The efficacy of cognitive prosthetic technology for people with memory impairments: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive test to forecast unsafe driving in older drivers: meta-analysis.
Shoulder strapping for stroke-related upper limb dysfunction and shoulder impairments: systematic review.
Does additional exercise improve trunk function recovery in stroke patients? A meta-analysis.
Heart rate variability in children with cerebral palsy: review of the literature  and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of eccentric viewing training for daily visual activities for individuals with age-related macular degeneration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ventral-striatal responsiveness during reward anticipation in ADHD and its relation to trait impulsivity in the healthy population: a meta-analytic review of the fMRI literature.
Functional outcome and postoperative complications after the microsurgical removal of large vestibular schwannomas via the retrosigmoid approach: a meta-analysis.
Updated exposure-response relationship between road traffic noise and coronary heart diseases: a meta-analysis.
Dietary factors and thyroid cancer risk: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Consumption of tea and risk for pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis of published epidemiological studies.
Meta-analysis of black tea consumption and breast cancer risk: update 2013.
Dietary magnesium intake and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Fish consumption and lung cancer risk: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cruciferous vegetables and risk of colorectal neoplasms: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Pre-, peri-, and postoperative oral administration of branched-chain amino acids  for primary liver cancer patients for hepatic resection: a systematic review.
miR-146a gene polymorphism rs2910164 and the risk of digestive tumors: A meta-analysis of 21 case-control studies.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and susceptibility to acute lymphoblastic leukemia in a Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between XPF polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analyses of the effect of CYP1A1 and CYP2D6 polymorphisms on the risk of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
Are changes in circulating tumor cell (CTC) count associated with the response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in local advanced breast cancer? A meta-analysis.
Intermittent pneumatic compression pump for breast cancer-related lymphedema: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
THADA gene polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Chemoradiation therapy versus chemotherapy alone for gastric cancer after R0 surgical resection: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Role of lutein supplementation in the management of age-related macular degeneration: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of association between the -2578C/A polymorphism of the vascular endothelial growth factor and retinopathy in type 2 diabetes in Asians and Caucasians.
Association between a lumican promoter polymorphism and high myopia in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Comparison of complications of the suprameatal approach and mastoidectomy with posterior tympanotomy approach in cochlear implantation: a meta-analysis.
Computer navigation and total knee arthroplasty.
Coffee, tea, and the risk of hip fracture: a meta-analysis.
Long-term fracture rates seen with continued ibandronate treatment: pooled analysis of DIVA and MOBILE long-term extension studies.
β-Adrenergic receptor antagonists and fracture risk: a meta-analysis of selectivity, gender, and site-specific effects.
Association between use of benzodiazepines and risk of fractures: a meta-analysis.
Mild morphometric vertebral fractures predict vertebral fractures but not non-vertebral fractures.
Multiplex meta-analysis of medulloblastoma expression studies with external controls.
Radiofrequency catheter ablation for the treatment of idiopathic premature ventricular contractions originating from the right ventricular outflow tract: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic literature review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of prescription opioids, including abuse-deterrent formulations, in non-cancer pain  management.
Anti-nerve growth factor in the treatment of low back pain and radiculopathy: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Anti-tumor necrosis factor antagonists in the treatment of low back pain and radiculopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Celiac plexus block for treatment of pain associated with pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
High-dose aspirin consumption contributes to decreased risk for pancreatic cancer in a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary fat intake, pesticide use, and Parkinson's disease.
Cognitive reserve in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and complications of anthracycline and taxane in the therapy of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Isotonic versus hypotonic maintenance IV fluids in hospitalized children: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of upper limb therapies for unilateral cerebral palsy: a meta-analysis.
Exercise and insulin resistance in youth: a meta-analysis.
What affects facing direction in human facial profile drawing? A meta-analytic inquiry.
The SLCO1B1 c.521T>C polymorphism is associated with dose decrease or switching during statin therapy in the Rotterdam Study.
Confirmation of -174G/C interleukin-6 gene promoter polymorphism as a genetic marker predicting antitumor necrosis factor treatment outcome.
Association between CYP2D6 genotypes and the clinical outcomes of adjuvant tamoxifen for breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Impact of cesarean section on placental transfusion and iron-related hematological indices in term neonates: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nonindustry-sponsored preclinical studies on statins yield greater efficacy estimates than industry-sponsored studies: a meta-analysis.
Preterm birth and childhood wheezing disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk stratification by self-measured home blood pressure across categories of conventional blood pressure: a participant-level meta-analysis.
Associations between intimate partner violence and termination of pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predictors of extubation failure in neurocritical patients identified by a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Closing the loop: modelling of heart failure progression from health to end-stage using a meta-analysis of left ventricular pressure-volume loops.
The effectiveness of teleglaucoma versus in-patient examination for glaucoma screening: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hypertension and risk of cataract: a meta-analysis.
The effects of lifestyle interventions on (long-term) weight management, cardiometabolic risk and depressive symptoms in people with psychotic disorders:  a meta-analysis.
High-dose statin pretreatment decreases periprocedural myocardial infarction and  cardiovascular events in patients undergoing elective percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of twenty-four randomized controlled trials.
Association between serum chemerin concentrations and clinical indices in obesity or metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Are Ureaplasma spp. a cause of nongonococcal urethritis? A systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Household air pollution from solid fuel use and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the empirical evidence.
An updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials assessing the effect of  sorafenib in advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.
Beta-blockers reduced the risk of mortality and exacerbation in patients with COPD: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Coping with breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Cyclin D1 G870A polymorphism and risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of neutrophil lymphocyte ratio in patients with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Cytoplasmic and/or nuclear expression of β-catenin correlate with poor prognosis  and unfavorable clinicopathological factors in hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Is early oral feeding after gastric cancer surgery feasible? A systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Magnetic resonance imaging for diagnosis of mandibular involvement from head and  neck cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between the use of proton pump inhibitors and the risk of hypomagnesemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evaluation of the diagnostic performance of magnetic resonance spectroscopy in brain tumors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of antiretroviral therapy on mortality in HIV positive people during tuberculosis treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Leucocyte telomere length and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: new prospective cohort study and literature-based meta-analysis.
Yoga for multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Percutaneous resolution of lumbar facet joint cysts as an alternative treatment to surgery: a meta-analysis.
Tooth erosion and eating disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between tissue characteristics of coronary plaque and distal embolization after coronary intervention in acute coronary syndrome patients: insights from a meta-analysis of virtual histology-intravascular ultrasound studies.
Biospecimen long-chain N-3 PUFA and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of data from 60,627 individuals.
XRCC1 gene polymorphisms and glioma risk in Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of unilateral versus bilateral pedicle screw fixation in minimally invasive lumbar interbody fusion.
Ultrasound guidance for radial artery catheterization: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The prognostic value of excision repair cross-complementation group 1 (ERCC1) in  patients with small cell lung cancer (SCLC) receiving platinum-based chemotherapy: evidence from meta-analysis.
Efficacy of standard and intensive statin treatment for the secondary prevention  of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events in diabetes patients: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of ART and condom use for prevention of sexual HIV transmission in  serodiscordant couples: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Distinct role of CD86 polymorphisms (rs1129055, rs17281995) in risk of cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Rapid antigen group A streptococcus test to diagnose pharyngitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of short-term high-dose statin pretreatment in prevention of contrast-induced acute kidney injury: updated study-level meta-analysis of 13 randomized controlled trials.
The effect of probiotics supplementation on Helicobacter pylori eradication rates and side effects during eradication therapy: a meta-analysis.
Clinicopathologic features of patients with non-small cell lung cancer harboring  the EML4-ALK fusion gene: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of an innate immune gene, toll-like receptor 4, and aggressive prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of HMGB1 expression with clinicopathological significance and prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis and literature review.
Activity-based funding of hospitals and its impact on mortality, readmission, discharge destination, severity of illness, and volume of care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maternal socioeconomic status and the risk of congenital heart defects in offspring: a meta-analysis of 33 studies.
Sex differences in general knowledge: meta-analysis and new data on the contribution of school-related moderators among high-school students.
The prevalence of HIV-1 drug resistance among antiretroviral treatment naïve individuals in mainland China: a meta-analysis.
Combined intravitreal anti-VEGF and photodynamic therapy versus photodynamic monotherapy for polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Role of mtDNA haplogroups in the prevalence of osteoarthritis in different geographic populations: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of common microRNA polymorphisms in cancers: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Effects of exercise modalities on arterial stiffness and wave reflection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systemic adverse events after intravitreal bevacizumab versus ranibizumab for age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis.
The impact of prophylactic dexamethasone on nausea and vomiting after thyroidectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of T-type calcium channel blockers on renal function and aldosterone in patients with hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of walking on glycemic control and other cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Exposure to organochlorine pollutants and type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Multi-targeted antiangiogenic tyrosine kinase inhibitors in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: meta-analyses of 20 randomized controlled trials and subgroup analyses.
Prediction of gastric cancer development by serum pepsinogen test and Helicobacter pylori seropositivity in Eastern Asians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of goiter and thyroid nodules before and after implementation of the universal salt iodization program in mainland China from 1985 to 2014: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness of procedures for treatment of ostium secundum atrial septal defects occlusion comparing conventional surgery and septal percutaneous implant.
Efficacy and safety of oral antidiabetic drugs in comparison to insulin in treating gestational diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Association of common variants in TCF4 and PTPRG with Fuchs' corneal dystrophy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption and the neoplastic progression in Barrett's esophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Confluent granulomas and ulcers lined by epithelioid histiocytes: new ideal method for differentiation of ITB and CD? A meta analysis.
Maternal parity and the risk of congenital heart defects in offspring: a dose-response meta-analysis of epidemiological observational studies.
A Bayesian meta-analysis of multiple treatment comparisons of systemic regimens for advanced pancreatic cancer.
Prevalence of suicidal ideation in Chinese college students: a meta-analysis.
The effect of pylorus removal on delayed gastric emptying after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis of 2,599 patients.
Chemotherapy or targeted therapy as second-line treatment of advanced gastric cancer. A systematic review and meta-analysis of published studies.
Association between DAPK1 promoter methylation and cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of chemotherapy combined with dendritic cells co-cultured with cytokine-induced killer cells in the treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical efficacy and safety of pamidronate therapy on bone mass density in early post-renal transplant period: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of ginseng (the genus panax) on glycemic control: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Antiretroviral therapy uptake, attrition, adherence and outcomes among HIV-infected female sex workers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Androgen deprivation therapy for prostate cancer is associated with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality: a meta-analysis of population-based observational studies.
PCR-based assays versus direct sequencing for evaluating the effect of KRAS status on anti-EGFR treatment response in colorectal cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Coliform bacteria as indicators of diarrheal risk in household drinking water: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Population specific impact of genetic variants in KCNJ11 gene to type 2 diabetes: a case-control and meta-analysis study.
Sexual risk reduction for HIV-infected persons: a meta-analytic review of "positive prevention" randomized clinical trials.
Association between B vitamins supplementation and risk of cardiovascular outcomes: a cumulative meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of black tea consumption on blood cholesterol: a meta-analysis of 15 randomized controlled trials.
Stereotactic aspiration versus craniotomy for primary intracerebral hemorrhage: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of myopia and hyperopia provides evidence for replication of 11 loci.
MET gene copy number predicts worse overall survival in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Coordinate based meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging data using activation likelihood estimation; full width half max and group comparisons.
Sulfotransferase SULT1A1 Arg213His polymorphism with cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 53 case-control studies.
Patients with exon 19 deletion were associated with longer progression-free survival compared to those with L858R mutation after first-line EGFR-TKIs for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of the association between tumor necrosis factor-α -308G/A polymorphism and obstructive sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome.
Comparisons of GnRH antagonist versus GnRH agonist protocol in supposed normal ovarian responders undergoing IVF: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical efficacy of tumor antigen-pulsed DC treatment for high-grade glioma patients: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Feasibility and accuracy of sentinel lymph node biopsy in clinically node-positive breast cancer after neoadjuvant chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Null genotypes of GSTM1 and GSTT1 and endometriosis risk: a meta-analysis of 25 case-control studies.
Terlipressin versus norepinephrine in the treatment of hepatorenal syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of mutation-specific antibodies for immunohistochemical detection of epidermal growth factor receptor mutations in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of circulating S100B blood levels in schizophrenia.
Prevention effect of allopurinol on post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of prospective randomized  controlled trials.
Comparison of transverse island flap onlay and tubularized incised-plate urethroplasties for primary proximal hypospadias: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of serum neuron-specific enolase in traumatic brain injury:  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of overexpressed p16INK4a in patients with cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
48-week efficacy and safety of dolutegravir relative to commonly used third agents in treatment-naive HIV-1-infected patients: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of global DNA hypomethylation in cancer: a meta-analysis.
Is hepatitis C associated with atherosclerotic burden? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment outcome of radiotherapy alone versus radiochemotherapy in IE/IIE extranodal nasal-type natural killer/T cell lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Calcium channel blockers and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of 17 observational studies.
Urinary nerve growth factor could be a biomarker for interstitial cystitis/painful bladder syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of FGFR gene amplification in patients with different types of cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long noncoding RNA HOTAIR as an independent prognostic marker in cancer: a meta-analysis.
Intermediate CAG repeat expansion in the ATXN2 gene is a unique genetic risk factor for ALS--a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
A meta-analysis of multiple matched copy number and transcriptomics data sets for inferring gene regulatory relationships.
Do patients' symptoms and interpersonal problems improve in psychotherapeutic hospital treatment in Germany? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The diagnosis accuracy of PLA2R-AB in the diagnosis of idiopathic membranous nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of financial debt in adolescents and young adults: prevalence, correlates and associations with crime.
Prognostic value of red blood cell distribution width for patients with heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Does minimally-invasive pancreaticoduodenectomy have advantages over its open method? A meta-analysis of retrospective studies.
Implantable collamer lens versus iris-fixed phakic intraocular lens implantation  to correct myopia: a meta-analysis.
Association between CYP1A2 and CYP1B1 polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Beta-2 adrenergic receptor (ADRB2) gene polymorphisms and the risk of asthma: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Meta-analysis of apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism and susceptibility of myocardial infarction.
Treatment efficacy for non-cardiovascular chest pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between duration of carbon dioxide pneumoperitoneum during laparoscopic abdominal surgery and hepatic injury: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of adding clopidogrel to aspirin on stroke prevention among high vascular risk patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic and prognostic serum biomarkers of colorectal cancer.
Associations between TNF-α-308A/G polymorphism and susceptibility with dermatomyositis: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of eye-movement desensitization and reprocessing for patients with posttraumatic-stress disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
MicroRNA-21 identified as predictor of cancer outcome: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of E-cadherin expression in hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
A genetic variant rs1801274 in FCGR2A as a potential risk marker for Kawasaki disease: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Comparison of GLP-1 analogues versus sitagliptin in the management of type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of head-to-head studies.
Carriage of Streptococcus pneumoniae and other respiratory bacterial pathogens in low and lower-middle income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does drug-eluting bead transcatheter arterial chemoembolization improve the management of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma? A meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of parental smoking and the risk of childhood brain tumors.
Pooled analysis of non-union, re-operation, infection, and approach related complications after anterior odontoid screw fixation.
Vitamin A intake and risk of melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese population: a meta-analysis of 29 case-control studies.
World Trade Center disaster exposure-related probable posttraumatic stress disorder among responders and civilians: a meta-analysis.
The associations between two vital GSTs genetic polymorphisms and lung cancer risk in the Chinese population: evidence from 71 studies.
Adherence to Internet-based and face-to-face cognitive behavioural therapy for depression: a meta-analysis.
Effect of diabetes mellitus type 2 on salivary glucose--a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Hemoglobin A1c for diagnosis of postpartum abnormal glucose tolerance among women with gestational diabetes mellitus: diagnostic meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis assessment of GP210 and SP100 for the diagnosis of primary biliary  cirrhosis.
Low carbohydrate versus isoenergetic balanced diets for reducing weight and cardiovascular risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between dairy intake and gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Holmium laser enucleation versus transurethral resection in patients with benign  prostate hyperplasia: an updated systematic review with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
The PlA1/A2 polymorphism of glycoprotein IIIa as a risk factor for stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of mind-body therapies on the immune system: meta-analysis.
Efficacy of ketamine in improving pain after tonsillectomy in children: meta-analysis.
Association between CD14 gene polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between MTHFD1 G1958A polymorphism and neural tube defects susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
An estimate of the incidence and prevalence of stroke in Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between thrombophilia gene polymorphisms and preeclampsia: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of noninvasive biomarkers to predict hepatitis B-related significant fibrosis and cirrhosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy.
Efficacy and safety of pegylated interferon plus ribavirin therapy for chronic hepatitis C genotype 6: a meta-analysis.
Association of Gln27Glu and Arg16Gly polymorphisms in Beta2-adrenergic receptor gene with obesity susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Effects of tumor necrosis factor-β (TNF-β) 252A>G polymorphism on the development of migraine: a meta-analysis.
Transarterial chemoembolization (TACE) plus sorafenib versus TACE for intermediate or advanced stage hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Serum and tissue zinc in epithelial malignancies: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of guided and unguided low-intensity internet interventions for adult alcohol misuse: a meta-analysis.
Association between tumor necrosis factor-α rs1800629 polymorphism and risk of asthma: a meta-analysis.
Effects of intravenous dexmedetomidine on emergence agitation in children under sevoflurane anesthesia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Conventional hypoglycaemic agents and the risk of lung cancer in patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of MET gene copy number and protein expression in patients with  surgically resected non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of published literatures.
Sling exercise for chronic low back pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Plantar pressure in diabetic peripheral neuropathy patients with active foot ulceration, previous ulceration and no history of ulceration: a meta-analysis of  observational studies.
Efficacy and safety of polymyxins for the treatment of Acinectobacter baumannii infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of efficacy and safety of tenofovir and entecavir in chronic hepatitis B virus infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between PTEN Gene IVS4 polymorphism and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Treatment for stable coronary artery disease: a network meta-analysis of cost-effectiveness studies.
A network meta-analysis of the relative efficacy of treatments for actinic keratosis of the face or scalp in Europe.
Screening mammography & breast cancer mortality: meta-analysis of quasi-experimental studies.
A meta analysis of lumbar spinal fusion surgery using bone morphogenetic proteins and autologous iliac crest bone graft.
Replication of 6 obesity genes in a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from diverse ancestries.
Impact of neoadjuvant chemotherapy on immediate breast reconstruction: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of unprotected anal intercourse among men who have sex with men in China: an updated meta-analysis.
Outcome of hemiarthroplasty and total hip replacement for active elderly patients with displaced femoral neck fractures: a meta-analysis of 8 randomized clinical trials.
PARP-1 Val762Ala polymorphism and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis based on 39 case-control studies.
Effects of early blood pressure lowering on early and long-term outcomes after acute stroke: an updated meta-analysis.
Comparison of high vs. normal/low protein diets on renal function in subjects without chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Minimally invasive midvastus versus standard parapatellar approach in total knee  arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Head-to-head comparison of sirolimus-eluting stents versus paclitaxel-eluting stents in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of 76 studies.
Association studies of ERCC1 polymorphisms with lung cancer susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Estimating the number of persons who inject drugs in the united states by meta-analysis to calculate national rates of HIV and hepatitis C virus infections.
Laparoscopic versus open radical cystectomy in bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
A meta analysis on risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes in Toxoplasma gondii infection.
Diabetes mellitus and poorer prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of initial antiretroviral therapy for HIV-1 infection in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 114 studies with up to 144 weeks' follow-up.
No chemopreventive effect of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on nonmelanoma  skin cancer: evidence from meta-analysis.
The SNP rs1883832 in CD40 gene and risk of atherosclerosis in Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Alteration of fractional anisotropy and mean diffusivity in glaucoma: novel results of a meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies.
Interventions to reduce and prevent obesity in pre-conceptual and pregnant women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of tumor-infiltrating FoxP3+ T cells in gastrointestinal cancers: a meta analysis.
Association between irrigation fluids, washout volumes and risk of local recurrence of anterior resection for rectal cancer: a meta-analysis of 427 cases  and 492 controls.
Polymorphisms and plasma level of transforming growth factor-Beta 1 and risk for  preeclampsia: a systematic review.
Transradial versus transfemoral approach in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention for acute coronary syndrome. A meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of mTOR polymorphisms with cancer risk and clinical outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing latanoprost with timolol  in the treatment of Asian populations with chronic angle-closure glaucoma.
The diagnostic value of DNA methylation in leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The significance of Exo1 K589E polymorphism on cancer susceptibility: evidence based on a meta-analysis.
Factors associated with early deterioration after spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interspinous spacer versus traditional decompressive surgery for lumbar spinal stenosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of depressive disorders: a comprehensive meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis reveals a lack of association between UGT2B17 deletion polymorphism and tumor susceptibility.
The comparison between robotic and manual ablations in the treatment of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of telephone support interventions on coronary artery disease (CAD) patient outcomes during cardiac rehabilitation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of hypertension in Indian tribes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
A comparison of the analgesia efficacy and side effects of paravertebral compared with epidural blockade for thoracotomy: an updated meta-analysis.
Is treatment with trimetazidine beneficial in patients with chronic heart failure?
A meta-analysis of the relationship between RARβ gene promoter methylation and non-small cell lung cancer.
Prognostic significance of the neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio in primary liver cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of amifostine in head and neck cancer patients treated with radiotherapy:  a systematic review and meta-analysis based on randomized controlled trials.
The role of BRCA status on the prognosis of patients with epithelial ovarian cancer: a systematic review of the literature with a meta-analysis.
The effect of XPD polymorphisms on digestive tract cancers risk: a meta-analysis.
Activation of the PI3K/mTOR/AKT pathway and survival in solid tumors: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
The differences in homocysteine level between obstructive sleep apnea patients and controls: a meta-analysis.
Insight of the cytotoxicity of the aggregates of peptides or aberrant proteins: a meta-analysis.
Association between vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 39 studies.
Mindfulness-based interventions for people diagnosed with a current episode of an anxiety or depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
A comparison of multivariate genome-wide association methods.
Almost all antipsychotics result in weight gain: a meta-analysis.
Association of ERCC1 C8092A and ERCC2 Lys751Gln polymorphisms with the risk of glioma: a meta-analysis.
Brain signature of chronic orofacial pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis  on neuroimaging research of trigeminal neuropathic pain and temporomandibular joint disorders.
The association of 5-HT2A, 5-HTT, and LEPR polymorphisms with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism and risk for coronary heart disease in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis of 61 studies including 6634 cases and 6393 controls.
Overrepresentation of glutamate signaling in Alzheimer's disease: network-based pathway enrichment using meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Risk of Budd-Chiari syndrome associated with factor V Leiden and G20210A prothrombin mutation: a meta-analysis.
Effect of heparin on prevention of flap loss in microsurgical free flap transfer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic testing of pediatric fevers: meta-analysis of 13 national surveys assessing influences of malaria endemicity and source of care on test uptake for  febrile children under five years.
Clinical efficacy and safety of nerve-sparing radical hysterectomy for cervical cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evaluating the association between p53 codon 72 Arg>pro polymorphism and risk of  ovary cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: narrow band imaging for diagnosis of gastric intestinal metaplasia.
Restoration enhances wetland biodiversity and ecosystem service supply, but results are context-dependent: a meta-analysis.
The effect of chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome (CP/CPPS) on semen parameters in human males: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of adiponectin gene (ADIPOQ) rs2241766 polymorphism with obesity in adults: a meta-analysis.
Risk of melanoma in people with HIV/AIDS in the pre- and post-HAART eras: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Relationship between p53 status and response to chemotherapy in patients with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Robotic versus open partial nephrectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
C-MYC aberrations as prognostic factors in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Influence of vitamin E supplementation on glycaemic control: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Association between the epidermal growth factor +61 G/A polymorphism and glioma risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of XPC polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meat consumption and risk of oral cavity and oropharynx cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Bleeding risk and mortality of edoxaban: a pooled meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Validation of type 2 diabetes risk variants identified by genome-wide association studies in Han Chinese population: a replication study and meta-analysis.
The performance of enhanced liver fibrosis (ELF) test for the staging of liver fibrosis: a meta-analysis.
Do interventions designed to support shared decision-making reduce health inequalities? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between COX-2 polymorphisms and risk of colorectal cancer based on case-control studies.
Association of rs6265 and rs2030324 polymorphisms in brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene with Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for tuberculosis in foreign-born people (FBP) in Italy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between interleukin-10 -1082A/G polymorphism and risk of ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Impact of etiology on the outcomes in heart failure patients treated with cardiac resynchronization therapy: a meta-analysis.
Fish intake and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 15 case-control and cohort studies.
A meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of two commercial NS1 antigen ELISA tests for early dengue virus detection.
All-arthroscopic versus mini-open repair of small to large sized rotator cuff tears: a meta-analysis of clinical outcomes.
Peg-interferon plus ribavirin with or without boceprevir or telaprevir for HCV genotype 1: a meta-analysis on the role of response predictors.
Prognostic significance of cyclin D1 expression in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Pallidal index as biomarker of manganese brain accumulation and associated with manganese levels in blood: a meta-analysis.
The influence of the patient-clinician relationship on healthcare outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Parkinson's disease and risk of fracture: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Serum uric acid levels in patients with Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Susceptibility to chronic mucus hypersecretion, a genome wide association study.
Factors predicting malignancy in patients with polymyositis and dermatomyostis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Measuring exposure in Hurricane Katrina: a meta-analysis and an integrative data  analysis.
Association between folate intake and the risk of lung cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
5-Aminosalicylates reduce the risk of colorectal neoplasia in patients with ulcerative colitis: an updated meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the effect of KCNJ11 gene polymorphism on the risk of  type 2 diabetes.
Merocel versus Nasopore for nasal packing: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lack of association between cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 (CTLA-4) -1722T/C (rs733618) polymorphism and cancer risk: from a case-control study to a meta-analysis.
TGF-beta1 gene polymorphism in association with diabetic retinopathy susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Carvedilol for prevention of atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic role of the class III β-tubulin in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients receiving the taxane/vinorebine-based chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Influence of control group on effect size in trials of acupuncture for chronic pain: a secondary analysis of an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Combined effects of TGFB1 +869 T/C and +915 G/C polymorphisms on acute rejection  risk in solid organ transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of toll-like receptor 4 in colorectal carcinogenesis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of self-reported achievement goals and nonself-report performance across three achievement domains (work, sports, and education).
Interferon-based anti-viral therapy for hepatitis C virus infection after renal transplantation: an updated meta-analysis.
A statistical method to base nutrient recommendations on meta-analysis of intake  and health-related status biomarkers.
Intake of fruit juice and incidence of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical comparison of distal pancreatectomy with or without splenectomy: a meta-analysis.
Age-related macular degeneration and the incidence of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Virtual reality therapy for adults post-stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis exploring virtual environments and commercial games in therapy.
The common traits of the ACC and PFC in anxiety disorders in the DSM-5: meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Does dexmedetomidine as a neuraxial adjuvant facilitate better anesthesia and analgesia? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Timing of tracheostomy in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis.
Blood α-tocopherol, γ-tocopherol levels and risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Ocular pseudoexfoliation syndrome and vascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between MTHFR C677T and A1298C polymorphisms and NSCL/P risk in Asians: a meta-analysis.
Parity and pancreatic cancer risk: a dose-response meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Diagnostic yield of the light blue crest sign in gastric intestinal metaplasia: a meta-analysis.
Ultrasound- versus palpation-guided injection of corticosteroid for plantar fasciitis: a meta-analysis.
Effect of treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recipient-related clinical risk factors for primary graft dysfunction after lung  transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of CXCR4 in ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Transperitoneal approach versus retroperitoneal approach: a meta-analysis of laparoscopic partial nephrectomy for renal cell carcinoma.
RET and PHOX2B genetic polymorphisms and Hirschsprung's disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Culprit vessel only versus multivessel percutaneous coronary intervention in patients presenting with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction and multivessel disease.
Meta-analysis: diagnostic accuracy of antinuclear antibodies, smooth muscle antibodies and antibodies to a soluble liver antigen/liver pancreas in autoimmune hepatitis.
Combination therapy of sorafenib and TACE for unresectable HCC: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statins for the prevention of stroke: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The association between RAD23B Ala249Val polymorphism and cancer susceptibility:  evidence from a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of NLR in urinary cancers: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of the LTA gene may contribute to the risk of myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
IL-28B polymorphisms correlated with treatment response in HCV-4 mono-infected patients: a meta-analysis.
Is a GnRH antagonist protocol better in PCOS patients? A meta-analysis of RCTs.
The association between TGF-β1 polymorphisms and radiation pneumonia in lung cancer patients treated with definitive radiotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Impact of IL28B genetic variation on HCV-induced liver fibrosis, inflammation, and steatosis: a meta-analysis.
Clinical significance of colonoscopy in patients with upper gastrointestinal polyps and neoplasms: a meta-analysis.
ALDH2 and ADH1 genetic polymorphisms may contribute to the risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Complex association between alanine aminotransferase activity and mortality in general population: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Preventive home visits for mortality, morbidity, and institutionalization in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Consistency of safety and efficacy of new oral anticoagulants across subgroups of patients with atrial fibrillation.
Impact of XRCC2 Arg188His polymorphism on cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Risks of proteinuria associated with vascular endothelial growth factor receptor  tyrosine kinase inhibitors in cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the use of phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors for treatment of erectile dysfunction following bilateral nerve-sparing radical prostatectomy.
The effectiveness of financial incentives for health behaviour change: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Populations at risk for severe or complicated Avian Influenza H5N1: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association of the TP53BP1 Glu353Asp polymorphism with risk of cancer: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of interleukin-10 polymorphisms with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Associations between two polymorphisms (FokI and BsmI) of vitamin D receptor gene and type 1 diabetes mellitus in Asian population: a meta-analysis.
Refractive error and risk of early or late age-related macular degeneration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Macrolide therapy in adults and children with non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between polymorphisms in lysyl oxidase-like 1 and susceptibility to pseudoexfoliation syndrome and pseudoexfoliation glaucoma.
Pylorus-preserving versus pylorus-resecting pancreaticoduodenectomy for periampullary and pancreatic carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of fatal adverse events caused by bevacizumab therapy in cancer patients.
Effects of beta-blockers on heart failure with preserved ejection fraction: a meta-analysis.
Aurora-A V57I (rs1047972) polymorphism and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 27,269 subjects.
Association of the polymorphisms in the Fas/FasL promoter regions with cancer susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 52 studies.
Association between mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 1 polymorphisms and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of 20 case-control studies.
Measurement errors in polymerase chain reaction are a confounding factor for a correct interpretation of 5-HTTLPR polymorphism effects on lifelong premature ejaculation: a critical analysis of a previously published meta-analysis of six studies.
Genetic variant in MTRR, but not MTR, is associated with risk of congenital heart disease: an integrated meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of L1-VLP-based human papillomavirus vaccine  efficacy against anogenital pre-cancer in women with evidence of prior HPV exposure.
Angiotensin II receptor blockers improve peripheral endothelial function: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
BRAFV600E mutation and its association with clinicopathological features of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Human endogenous retrovirus HERV-Fc1 association with multiple sclerosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Correlations of pituitary tumor transforming gene expression with human pituitary adenomas: a meta-analysis.
School based sex education and HIV prevention in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome in critically ill adult patients with pre-existing diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Sphingosine kinase 1 and cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is cryoballoon ablation preferable to radiofrequency ablation for treatment of atrial fibrillation by pulmonary vein isolation? A meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of different kinds of laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a network meta analysis of 43 randomized controlled trials.
Overweight, obesity and meningioma risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between hypoxia and perinatal arterial ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Disparities and risks of sexually transmissible infections among men who have sex with men in China: a meta-analysis and data synthesis.
Hospital presenting self-harm and risk of fatal and non-fatal repetition: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body mass index and risk of age-related cataract: a meta-analysis of prospective  cohort studies.
Effectiveness of treatment approaches for children and adolescents with reading disabilities: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the rs4779584 polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk.
Meta-analysis of pollen limitation reveals the relevance of pollination generalization in the Atlantic forest of Brazil.
The status of rheumatoid factor and anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody are not associated with the effect of anti-TNFα agent treatment in patients with  rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
NOD2 polymorphisms associated with cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Global meta-analysis of transcriptomics studies.
Massage therapy for fibromyalgia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between soy isoflavone intake and breast cancer risk for pre- and post-menopausal women: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Prognostic significance of lymphovascular invasion in radical cystectomy on patients with bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Elevated expression of miR-210 predicts poor survival of cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of phone call intervention on glycemic control in diabetes patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Effects of physician-nurse substitution on clinical parameters: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of apolipoprotein A5 gene and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of 15,137 subjects.
Prognostic value of perineural invasion in gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between MTHFR polymorphisms and acute myeloid leukemia risk: a meta-analysis.
Effects of multimicronutrient supplementation during pregnancy on postnatal growth of children under 5 years of age: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Extended adjuvant tamoxifen for early breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Mode of delivery and offspring body mass index, overweight and obesity in adult life: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of intracranial pressure monitoring in patients with traumatic brain  injury.
Meta-analysis of peripheral blood apolipoprotein E levels in Alzheimer's disease.
Laparoscopic versus open total gastrectomy for gastric cancer: an updated meta-analysis.
Association of Fas -1377 G/A polymorphism with susceptibility to cancer.
Job strain and the risk of inflammatory bowel diseases: individual-participant meta-analysis of 95,000 men and women.
Meta-analysis of the aldehyde dehydrogenases-2 (ALDH2) Glu487Lys polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk.
Risk of thyroid nodular disease and thyroid cancer in patients with acromegaly--meta-analysis and systematic review.
MicroRNA-92a as a potential biomarker in diagnosis of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of therapies for acute ischemic stroke in China: a network meta-analysis of 13289 patients from 145 randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis on the relationship between HLA-DRBl gene polymorphism and cervical cancer in Chinese population.
The association between malaria and iron status or supplementation in pregnancy:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
P300 development across the lifespan: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association of P2RX7 gene rs2230912 polymorphism with mood disorders: a meta-analysis.
MiRNAs as biomarkers of myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Seven functional polymorphisms in the CETP gene and myocardial infarction risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Efficacy and safety of aldose reductase inhibitor for the treatment of diabetic cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Network meta-analysis of erlotinib, gefitinib, afatinib and icotinib in patients  with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer harboring EGFR mutations.
Safety and efficacy of gliclazide as treatment for type 2 diabetes: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Association between IL-10 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility of tuberculosis:  evidence based on a meta-analysis.
Anti-VEGF agents with or without antimetabolites in trabeculectomy for glaucoma:  a meta-analysis.
Direct comparison of cardiovascular magnetic resonance and single-photon emission computed tomography for detection of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between complement factor  H I62V polymorphism and risk of polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy in Asian populations.
Disulfiram efficacy in the treatment of alcohol dependence: a meta-analysis.
Physical activity and risks of esophageal and gastric cancers: a meta-analysis.
Clinical features and outcome in children with severe Plasmodium falciparum malaria: a meta-analysis.
Text message intervention designs to promote adherence to antiretroviral therapy  (ART): a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of marine-derived n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on C-reactive protein, interleukin 6 and tumor necrosis factor α: a meta-analysis.
Cardiometabolic risks of blonanserin and perospirone in the management of schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Quantifying bias in randomized controlled trials in child health: a meta-epidemiological study.
What is the evidence for physical therapy poststroke? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations of MTHFR gene polymorphisms with hypertension and hypertension in pregnancy: a meta-analysis from 114 studies with 15411 cases and 21970 controls.
Contextual and perceptual brain processes underlying moral cognition: a quantitative meta-analysis of moral reasoning and moral emotions.
Heterogeneous effect of two selectin gene polymorphisms on coronary artery disease risk: a meta-analysis.
TNF-308 G/A polymorphism and risk of acne vulgaris: a meta-analysis.
Pre-exposure prophylaxis for the prevention of HIV infection in high risk populations: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Metabolic syndrome risk after gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Worldwide susceptibility rates of Neisseria gonorrhoeae isolates to cefixime and  cefpodoxime: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism contributes high risk for chronic kidney disease in Asian male with hypertension--a meta-regression analysis of 98 observational studies.
Emergent endovascular vs. open surgery repair for ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms: a meta-analysis.
Manganese superoxide dismutase and breast cancer recurrence: a Danish clinical registry-based case-control study, and a meta-analysis.
Association of three common single nucleotide polymorphisms of ATP binding cassette G8 gene with gallstone disease: a meta-analysis.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene G894T polymorphism and myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of 34 studies involving 21,068 subjects.
HIV infection and sexual risk among men who have sex with men and women (MSMW): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin use is associated with reduced risk of haematological malignancies: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of pre-treatment serum AFP-L3% in hepatocellular carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by surgery versus surgery alone for gastric carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lack of association between insulin receptor substrate2 rs1805097 polymorphism and the risk of colorectal and breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 Arg194Trp, Arg399Gln and  Arg280His polymorphisms with head and neck cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and gene set analysis of archived microarrays suggest implication of the spliceosome in metastatic and hypoxic phenotypes.
Incidence and risk of cardiotoxicity associated with bortezomib in the treatment  of cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of matrix metalloproteinase-3 -1171(5A>6A) polymorphism with cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 41 studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of unilateral versus bilateral pedicle screw fixation in transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion.
Laparoscopic versus open hepatectomy with or without synchronous colectomy for colorectal liver metastasis: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of common genetic variants on FOXE1 and differentiated thyroid cancer risk.
Is anterior cervical discectomy and fusion superior to corpectomy and fusion for  treatment of multilevel cervical spondylotic myelopathy? A systemic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the PARP1 Val762Ala polymorphism and cancer risk: evidence from 43 studies.
Cluster subcutaneous allergen specific immunotherapy for the treatment of allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of ABCB1 and CYP2B6 genetic polymorphisms on methadone metabolism, dose and treatment response in patients with opioid addiction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism confers risk of breast cancer in American population: a meta-analysis of 10846 cases and 11723 controls.
Prognostic role of microRNA-221 in various human malignant neoplasms: a meta-analysis of 20 related studies.
Relationship between Rad51 G135C and G172T variants and the susceptibility to cancer: a meta-analysis involving 54 case-control studies.
Prognostic value of human equilibrative nucleoside transporter1 in pancreatic cancer receiving gemcitabin-based chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of talc pleurodesis for malignant pleural effusion: a meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha blocking agents as treatment for ulcerative colitis intolerant or refractory to conventional medical therapy: a meta-analysis.
Transcriptomic meta-analysis of multiple sclerosis and its experimental models.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between serotonergic gene polymorphisms and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
CpG island methylator phenotype, Helicobacter pylori, Epstein-Barr virus, and microsatellite instability and prognosis in gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between fat mass- and obesity-associated (FTO) gene polymorphism and  polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Association between 3801T>C polymorphism of CYP1A1 and idiopathic male infertility risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of ATP-binding cassette transporter 1 R219K and M883I polymorphisms on  development of atherosclerosis: a meta-analysis of 58 studies.
Risk factors for chronic and recurrent otitis media-a meta-analysis.
Age-dependent prevalence of nasopharyngeal carriage of streptococcus pneumoniae before conjugate vaccine introduction: a prediction model based on a meta-analysis.
Association between the IL1B (-511), IL1B (+3954), IL1RN (VNTR) polymorphisms and Graves' disease risk: a meta-analysis of 11 case-control studies.
Ex-PRESS implantation versus trabeculectomy in open-angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Common variants on cytotoxic T lymphocyte antigen-4 polymorphisms contributes to  type 1 diabetes susceptibility: evidence based on 58 studies.
Homocysteine level and risk of abdominal aortic aneurysm: a meta-analysis.
Ologen implant versus mitomycin C for trabeculectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes and risk of Parkinson's disease: an updated meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Retinal nerve fiber layer thickness changes in Parkinson disease: a meta-analysis.
Levofloxacin-based first-line therapy versus standard first-line therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between polymorphisms in XRCC1 gene and treatment outcomes of patients with advanced gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the clinical efficacy and adverse effects  of Chinese herbal decoction for the treatment of gout.
The diagnostic performance of coronary artery angiography with 64-MSCT and post 64-MSCT: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The predictive but not prognostic value of MGMT promoter methylation status in elderly glioblastoma patients: a meta-analysis.
Intravascular administration of mannitol for acute kidney injury prevention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of repository data: impact of data regularization on NIMH schizophrenia linkage results.
Patient and healthcare provider barriers to hypertension awareness, treatment and follow up: a systematic review and meta-analysis of qualitative and quantitative  studies.
XRCC3 C18067T polymorphism contributes a decreased risk to both basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Stent-assisted coiling versus coiling in treatment of intracranial aneurysm: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of anabolic steroids on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Neuroimaging of reading intervention: a systematic review and activation likelihood estimate meta-analysis.
Influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 and cystic fibrosis lung disease: a systematic meta-analysis.
Metallothionein - immunohistochemical cancer biomarker: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery for pulmonary metastases: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of white cell count and differential in synovial fluid for diagnosing  infections after total hip or knee arthroplasty.
Prognostic significance of MET amplification and expression in gastric cancer: a  systematic review with meta-analysis.
Effect of methylphenidate in patients with cancer-related fatigue: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
GSTM3 A/B polymorphism and risk for head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between HIV/AIDS and multi-drug resistance tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor-a polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Radiofrequency ablation versus hepatic resection for small hepatocellular carcinomas: a meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic value of urinary kidney injury molecule 1 for acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of C242T and A640G in CYBA gene and the risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of S-1-based and capecitabine-based regimens in gastrointestinal cancer: a meta-analysis.
For or against adjuvant trastuzumab for pT1a-bN0M0 breast cancer patients with HER2-positive tumors: a meta-analysis of published literatures.
Usefulness of different ultrasound features of malignancy in predicting the type  of thyroid lesions: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Fitness vs. fatness on all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis.
Marital quality and health: a meta-analytic review.
Response, remission and drop-out rates following high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the impact of depression on subsequent smoking cessation in patients with coronary heart disease: 1990 to 2013.
Psychological trauma and functional somatic syndromes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Depression and oxidative stress: results from a meta-analysis of observational studies.
The efficacy of antidepressants on overall well-being and self-reported depression symptom severity in youth: a meta-analysis.
Inverse and direct cancer comorbidity in people with central nervous system disorders: a meta-analysis of cancer incidence in 577,013 participants of 50 observational studies.
A meta-analysis of the relation between patient adult attachment style and the working alliance.
Effect of PAH specific therapy on pulmonary hemodynamics and six-minute walk distance in portopulmonary hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recombinant human thyrotropin-aided versus thyroid hormone withdrawal-aided radioiodine treatment for differentiated thyroid cancer after total thyroidectomy: a meta-analysis.
Intensity-modulated radiation therapy for head and neck cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Modern post-operative radiotherapy for stage III non-small cell lung cancer may improve local control and survival: a meta-analysis.
Impact of comorbidity on treatment outcome in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma - a systematic review.
Effectiveness of home-based pulmonary rehabilitation for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic yield and safety of electromagnetic navigation bronchoscopy for lung nodules: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of efficacy of neuromuscular electrical stimulation of the lower limbs in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients: a meta-analysis.
Are cognitive interventions for multiple sclerosis effective and feasible?
[Meta-analysis of group comparison and meta-analysis of reliability generalization of the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory Questionnaire (STAI)].
[Impact of HIV/AIDS on quality of life: meta-analysis 2002-2012].
[Evaluation of techniques in vitro immune to the diagnosis of allergy: meta-analysis 2000-2012].
[Risks of dual blockade of the renin-angiotensin system compared with monotherapy: a systematic review and cumulative meta-analysis of randomized trials and observational studies].
[Neuroticism and post-traumatic stress disorder: a meta-analytic study].
Proinflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines in febrile seizures and epilepsy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations between the major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related gene A transmembrane (MICA-TM) polymorphism and susceptibility to psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Toll-like receptor polymorphisms and rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review.
The relationship between benign joint hypermobility syndrome and psychological distress: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of rurality on screening for breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis comparing mammography.
Effectiveness and complication rates of tension-free vaginal tape, transobturator tape, and tension-free vaginal tape-obturator in the treatment of female stress urinary incontinence in a medium- to long-term follow up. Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
An updated meta-analysis of the signal transducer and activator of transcription  4 (STAT4) rs7574865 G/T polymorphism and rheumatoid arthritis risk in an Asian population.
Commentary triggered by the Individual Participant Data Meta-Analysis Consortium  study of job strain and myocardial infarction risk.
Risk of mental illness in offspring of parents with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of family high-risk studies.
Meta-analysis of olfactory function in schizophrenia, first-degree family members, and youths at-risk for psychosis.
Long-acting injectable vs oral antipsychotics for relapse prevention in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Comorbid depressive and anxiety disorders in 509 individuals with an at-risk mental state: impact on psychopathology and transition to psychosis.
Further evidence for genetic association of CACNA1C and schizophrenia: new risk loci in a Han Chinese population and a meta-analysis.
Relationship between cognition, clinical and cognitive insight in psychotic disorders: a review and meta-analysis.
The crisis of minimal self-awareness in schizophrenia: a meta-analytic review.
Maternal circulating concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, leptin, and adiponectin in gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of acotiamide for the treatment of functional dyspepsia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
VEGF genetic polymorphisms may contribute to the risk of diabetic nephropathy in  patients with diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Heat shock protein 70 gene polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Can vascular endothelial growth factor and microvessel density be used as prognostic biomarkers for colorectal cancer? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of clinical safety and outcomes of early versus delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy for acute cholecystitis: a meta-analysis.
The microRNAs as prognostic biomarkers for survival in esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Percutaneous compression plate versus dynamic hip screw for treatment of intertrochanteric Hip fractures: a meta-analyse of five randomized controlled trials.
Benefits and harms of extending the duration of dual antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-eluting stents: a meta-analysis.
Problem-based learning in pharmaceutical education: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mink S38G gene polymorphism and atrial fibrillation in the Chinese population: a  meta-analysis of 1871 participants.
Tumor necrosis factor-α as a diagnostic marker for neonatal sepsis: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of positron emission tomography/computed tomography using  fluorine-18 fluorodeoxyglucose in detecting locoregional nodal involvement in patients with anal canal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mapping gray matter reductions in obstructive sleep apnea: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of eye-tracking studies in children with autism spectrum disorders.
The incidence and prevalence of ankle sprain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective epidemiological studies.
Diagnosing intracranial aneurysms with MR angiography: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Late stroke: comparison of percutaneous coronary intervention versus coronary artery bypass grafting in patients with multivessel disease and unprotected left  main disease: a meta-analysis and review of literature.
Shared genetic susceptibility to ischemic stroke and coronary artery disease: a genome-wide analysis of common variants.
Adiponectin and risk of stroke: prospective study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of different training strategies in animal models of ischemic stroke.
Fundoplication versus medical management of gastroesophageal reflux disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Palliative treatment of malignant colorectal obstruction caused by advanced malignancy: a self-expanding metallic stent or surgery? A system review and meta-analysis.
Spontaneous recovery and treatment effects in patients with homonymous visual field defects: a meta-analysis of existing literature in terms of the ICF framework.
Laparoscopic right colectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies comparing two types of anastomosis.
[Impact of pharmacogenetic testing on the risk of bleedings and excessive hypocoagulation episodes in the use of warfarin: the first meta-analysis of Russian prospective studies].
Prognostic significance of residual venous obstruction in patients with treated unprovoked deep vein thrombosis: a patient-level meta-analysis.
The role of soluble P selectin in the diagnosis of venous thromboembolism.
CD44 expression is predictive of poor prognosis in pharyngolaryngeal cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of on-the-road experimental studies of hypnotics: effects of time after intake, dose, and half-life.
Biliary reconstruction and complications in adult living donor liver transplantation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sirolimus for treatment of autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic value of serum procalcitonin in solid organ transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the proportion of pregnancy-related deaths attributed to HIV in population-based studies in sub-Saharan Africa.
XRCC1 R399Q polymorphism and risk of normal tissue injury after radiotherapy in breast cancer patients.
Efficacy and safety between temozolomide alone and temozolomide-based double therapy for malignant melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Association between glutathione S-transferase M1 null genotype and risk of gallbladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Significant association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism is not associated with oral cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor gene ApaI polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and risk of glioma.
Matrix metalloproteinase 2 expression and survival of patients with osteosarcoma: a meta-analysis.
Single-nucleotide polymorphisms of GPX1 and MnSOD and susceptibility to bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between vitamin D receptor poly(A) polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between p53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and thyroid cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between glutathione S-transferase M1 null variant and risk of bladder cancer in Chinese Han population.
Effect of GSTM1 null genotype on risk of childhood acute leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between MTHFR rs1801131 polymorphism and risk of liver cancer.
The association of SIPA1 gene polymorphisms with breast cancer risk: evidence from published studies.
Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) -2578C/A and -460C/T gene polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 11 case-control studies.
Ethnicity modifies the association between functional microRNA polymorphisms and  breast cancer risk: a HuGE meta-analysis.
Association of rs2233678 and rs2233679 polymorphisms in the PIN1 gene with cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of glutathione S-transferase T1 null variant on gastric cancer risk.
Polymorphisms in the MDM2 gene and risk of malignant bone tumors: a meta-analysis.
NBS1 Glu185Gln polymorphism and cancer risk: update on current evidence.
Association of the interleukin-4Rα rs1801275 and rs1805015 polymorphisms with glioma risk.
Association between FAS 1377G>A polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a  meta-analysis.
ARID5B gene rs10821936 polymorphism is associated with childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a meta-analysis based on 39,116 subjects.
TGFβ1 Leu10Pro polymorphism contributes to the development of prostate cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The effect of oxoguanine glycosylase 1 rs1052133 polymorphism on colorectal cancer risk in Caucasian population.
Association between GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism and glioma risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The rs1050450 C > T polymorphism of GPX1 is associated with the risk of bladder but not prostate cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: glutathione S-transferase T1 null allele is associated with gastric cancer risk.
Quantitative assessment of the association between +61A>G polymorphism of epidermal growth factor gene and susceptibility to glioma.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of common variations on 6p21 and lung cancer risk.
Venous thromboembolism risk and erythropoiesis-stimulating agents for the treatment of cancer-associated anemia: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of cytovillin expression in patients with osteosarcoma: a meta-analysis.
GSTT1 null genotype contributes to hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association of EPHX1 gene polymorphisms with risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Association between RAD51 gene polymorphism (-135G/C) and susceptibility of myelodysplastic syndrome and acute leukemia: evidence based on a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between GSTT1 null genotype and risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma in Chinese.
Association between myeloperoxidase G-463A polymorphism and lung cancer risk.
X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 codon 399 polymorphism and lung cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Comprehensive assessment of the association between tumor necrosis factor alpha G238A polymorphism and liver cancer risk.
Radiotherapy for gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
XPC gene polymorphisms contribute to bladder cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between the Thr241Met polymorphism of X-ray repair cross-complementing group 3 gene and glioma risk: evidence from a meta-analysis based on 4,136 cases and 5,233 controls.
Prognostic significance of VEGF expression in osteosarcoma: a meta-analysis.
TaqI polymorphism of VDR gene contributes to breast cancer risk.
GSTM1 null polymorphisms and oral cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The polymorphism of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T but not A1298C contributes to gastric cancer.
The CCND1 G870A polymorphism and susceptibility to bladder cancer.
Association between glutathione S-transferases M1 and T1 gene polymorphisms and prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of HER-2/neu expression in epithelial ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Ultrasound for monitoring controlled ovarian stimulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Brain abnormalities and neurodevelopmental delay in congenital heart disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Radiation-induced secondary malignancy in prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of mirabegron in overactive bladder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of off-clamp partial nephrectomy and on-clamp partial nephrectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of mechanical bowel preparation before ileal urinary diversion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Degarelix versus goserelin plus bicalutamide therapy for lower urinary tract symptom relief, prostate volume reduction and quality of life improvement in men  with prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of coffee intake and risk of urolithiasis.
IGFBP-3 promoter polymorphism -202A>C (rs2854774) contributes to prostate cancer  risk: evidence based on 9,482 subjects.
Is fluorine-18 fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography useful for detecting bladder lesions? A meta-analysis of the literature.
The prognostic value of C-reactive protein in renal cell carcinoma: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of balloon angioplasty versus primary stenting in the infrapopliteal disease.
Postconditioning in ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a systematic review, critical appraisal, and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Diagnostic accuracy of sensitive or high-sensitive troponin on presentation for myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Prevalence of intimate partner violence across medical and surgical health care settings: a systematic review.
[Meta-analysis on the relationship between Chinese children's intelligence and excessive iodine].
[Association of leptin gene-2548 G/A polymorphism with obesity: a meta-analysis].
Value of plasma brain natriuretic peptide levels for predicting postoperative atrial fibrillation: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Biologic versus nonbiologic mesh in ventral hernia repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The rate and mortality of postoperative venous thromboembolism of moderate risk surgery in Asian patients without thrombo-prophylaxis: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Morphological changes in the brain of acutely ill and weight-recovered patients with anorexia nervosa. A meta-analysis and qualitative review.
[Pharmacoeconomic analysis of the efficacy of natalizumab in relapsing-remitting  multiple sclerosis].
[Meta-analysis of branched chain amino acid-enriched nutrition to improve hepatic function in patients undergoing hepatic operation].
[Meta-analysis of oral squamous cell carcinoma on gene expression level].
[Effects of sucralfate and acid-suppressive drugs on preventing ventilator- associated pneumonia of mechanically ventilated patients: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis of feasibility and safety in complete mesocolic excision for colon cancer].
[A meta-analysis on the association between high-density lipoprotein particle subfractions and cardiovascular disease events].
[Meta analysis of the prevalence of hemophilia in mainland China].
[Cyclooxygenase-2 -765G>C polymorphism and susceptibility to colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis].
Estimating the prevalence of obstetric fistula: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Left versus right repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major  depression: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Laterality interacts with sex across the schizophrenia/bipolarity continuum: an interpretation of meta-analyses of structural MRI.
Meta-analysis shows dopamine receptor D1 gene polymorphism is associated with bipolar disorder but not with schizophrenia.
Bayesian meta-analysis of diagnostic tests allowing for imperfect reference standards.
NOD2 polymorphisms and pulmonary tuberculosis susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of interleukin-10 polymorphisms with risk of irritable bowel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
TNF-α-308 polymorphism and risk of digestive system cancers: a meta-analysis.
Endoscopic sphincterotomy plus large-balloon dilation vs endoscopic sphincterotomy for choledocholithiasis: a meta-analysis.
Telephone based self-management support by 'lay health workers' and 'peer support workers' to prevent and manage vascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bcl-2 expression predicts sensitivity to chemotherapy in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Quantification of survival gain from cardiac resynchronization therapy: nonlinear growth with time, and greater gain in low-risk patients, make raw trial data an underestimate of real-world behavior.
Fast-track rehabilitation vs conventional care in laparoscopic colorectal resection for colorectal malignancy: a meta-analysis.
Structural brain changes associated with antipsychotic treatment in schizophrenia as revealed by voxel-based morphometric MRI: an activation likelihood estimation  meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of interventions to promote healthy diet in primary care: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Resistance exercise training for fibromyalgia.
Anosmin-1 contributes to brain tumor malignancy through integrin signal pathways.
Genome-wide association study identifies ZFHX1B as a susceptibility locus for severe myopia.
Dietary fibre intake and risk of cardiovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene A1298C polymorphism with stroke risk based on a meta-analysis.
Combination versus sequential single agent chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer.
The role of acupoint stimulation as an adjunct therapy for lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aripiprazole alone or in combination for acute mania.
Clinicopathological and prognostic significance of p27 expression in oral squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on risk of myocardial infarction from the use of oral direct thrombin inhibitors.
Review and meta-analysis of incidence and clinical predictors of anthracycline cardiotoxicity.
Zinc in depression: a meta-analysis.
Morbidity in survivors of child and adolescent meningioma.
Comparative efficacy of bisphosphonates in metastatic breast and prostate cancer  and multiple myeloma: a mixed-treatment meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T/A1298C polymorphisms and susceptibility to Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Rate of adjacent segment disease in cervical disc arthroplasty versus single-level fusion: meta-analysis of prospective studies.
[(18)F]Fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography screening for lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Smoking, alcohol consumption, and the risk of extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma: a  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of Barrett's esophagus in China.
Wound drainage for caesarean section.
Association between polymorphisms in ERCC2 gene and oral cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Surgical versus endoscopic treatment of bile duct stones.
The cancer gene WWOX behaves as an inhibitor of SMAD3 transcriptional activity via direct binding.
Transcatheter patent foramen ovale closure versus medical therapy for cryptogenic stroke: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Optimum duration of regimens for Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Procalcitonin-guided therapy in intensive care unit patients with severe sepsis and septic shock--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of homocysteine with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis implementing Mendelian randomization approach.
Concordance of effects of medical interventions on hospital admission and readmission rates with effects on mortality.
Phytoestrogens for menopausal vasomotor symptoms.
Meta-analysis on the efficacy of tourniquet on ankle trauma surgery.
Homicide-suicides compared to homicides and suicides: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between MDR1 C3435T polymorphism and risk of breast cancer.
Interleukin-1α -899 (+4845) C→T polymorphism increases the risk of chronic periodontitis: evidence from a meta-analysis of 23 case-control studies.
Contribution of catechol-O-methyltransferase Val158Met polymorphism to endometrial cancer risk in postmenopausal women: a meta-analysis.
Impact of aortic or mitral valve sclerosis and calcification on cardiovascular events and mortality: a meta-analysis.
Pulmonary valve replacement after operative repair of tetralogy of Fallot: meta-analysis and meta-regression of 3,118 patients from 48 studies.
Does ascorbic acid protect against contrast-induced acute kidney injury in patients undergoing coronary angiography: a systematic review with meta-analysis  of randomized, controlled trials.
Clinical features of MS associated with Leber hereditary optic neuropathy mtDNA mutations.
Meta-analysis of clinical trials with early stopping: an investigation of potential bias.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of pancreatoduodenectomy with extended lymphadenectomy in the treatment of pancreatic cancer.
Rehabilitation following surgery for lumbar spinal stenosis.
Health care-associated infections: a meta-analysis of costs and financial impact  on the US health care system.
Serum lipids and lipoproteins in malaria--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance cholangiography in assessing biliary anatomy in living donors: a meta-analysis.
Bile leakage test in liver resection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Proton pump inhibitor for non-erosive reflux disease: a meta-analysis.
Systematic study of cilostazol on secondary stroke prevention: a meta-analysis.
Association between the Rs3087243 polymorphism and risk for diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Clinical significance of palliative gastrectomy on the survival of patients with  incurable advanced gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Triclosan/copolymer containing toothpastes for oral health.
Mobile phone messaging reminders for attendance at healthcare appointments.
Use of IVUS guided coronary stenting with drug eluting stent: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials and high quality observational studies.
Prospective meta-analysis of trials comparing fixed dose combination based care with usual care in individuals at high cardiovascular risk: the SPACE Collaboration.
Effectiveness of 2+1 PCV7 vaccination schedules in children under 2 years: a meta-analysis of impact studies.
Probiotic supplementation during pregnancy or infancy for the prevention of asthma and wheeze: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exercise programs for people with dementia.
Maternal MTHFR C677T polymorphism and congenital heart defect risk in the Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis.
Are metabolically healthy overweight and obesity benign conditions?: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Benefits of statins in elderly subjects without established cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
B-type natriuretic peptides and mortality after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of lumbar disc herniation in Chinese adolescents].
Intranasal steroids for acute sinusitis.
Evaluation of individual and combined applications of serum biomarkers for diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
An alternative approach to deal with the absence of clinical trials: a proportional meta-analysis of case series studies.
CD2AP is associated with end-stage renal disease in patients with type 1 diabetes.
Diagnostic accuracy of nuclear medicine imaging in protein losing enteropathy : systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Interferon mono-therapy for symptomatic HCV-associated mixed cryoglobulinemia : meta-analysis of clinical studies.
IgG4-related orbital disease: a meta-analysis and review.
Total joint arthroplasty following intra-articular steroid injection: a literature review.
A literature review and meta-analysis of drug company-funded mental health websites.
Acupuncture for vascular mild cognitive impairment: a systematic review of randomised controlled trials.
Influence of affective manipulations on cigarette craving: a meta-analysis.
The effect of problem-based learning in nursing education: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D intake and type 2 diabetes risk: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort  studies.
Endovascular treatment of distal anterior cerebral artery aneurysms: single-center experience and a systematic review.
The placebo effect in clinical trials for alcohol dependence: an exploratory analysis of 51 naltrexone and acamprosate studies.
Systematic review with network meta-analysis: pharmacological prophylaxis against post-ERCP pancreatitis.
High-dose erythropoietin in acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic performance of fluorine-18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography in patients with Merkel cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fasting insulin concentrations and incidence of hypertension, stroke, and coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Urinary interleukin 18 for detection of acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis.
Acute kidney injury and death associated with renin angiotensin system blockade in cardiothoracic surgery: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Intravenous immunoglobulin treatment for repeated IVF/ICSI failure and unexplained infertility: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Capnography as a diagnostic tool for pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
Consumption of red and processed meat and risk for esophageal squamous cell carcinoma based on a meta-analysis.
Platinum versus platinum-combination chemotherapy in platinum-sensitive recurrent ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
Toxic effect of chemotherapy dosing using actual body weight in obese versus normal-weight patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of hemorrhagic events with vascular endothelial growth factor  receptor tyrosine-kinase inhibitors: an up-to-date meta-analysis of 27 randomized controlled trials.
The immunogenicity of anti-TNF therapy in immune-mediated inflammatory diseases:  a systematic review of the literature with a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic Heller myotomy versus endoscopic balloon dilatation for the treatment of achalasia: a network meta-analysis.
The risk of perioperative bleeding in patients with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preoperative alcohol consumption and postoperative complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Operative management of rib fractures in the setting of flail chest: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Autologous bone marrow-derived cell therapy in patients with critical limb ischemia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Neoadjuvant radiotherapy for rectal cancer: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Three-field or two-field resection for thoracic esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of massive transfusion protocols on mortality in trauma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison between posterior lumbar interbody fusion and posterolateral fusion with transpedicular screw fixation for isthmic spondylolithesis: a meta-analysis.
Identification of BACH2 and RAD51B as rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility loci in a meta-analysis of genome-wide data.
Estrogen receptor 1 gene rs2295193 polymorphism and anorexia nervosa: new data and meta-analysis.
Population impact of depression either as a risk factor or consequence of type 2  diabetes in adults: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Meta analysis about the efficacy and safety of anti-ocular hypertension eye drops without benzalkonium chloride.
Meta-analysis of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors effect on walking ability and ankle brachial pressure index in patients with intermittent claudication.
The Fc receptor-like 3 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to autoimmune diseases: an updated meta-analysis.
Comparison of peri-operative outcomes of robot-assisted vs laparoscopic partial nephrectomy: a meta-analysis.
Application of C-11-acetate positron-emission tomography (PET) imaging in prostate cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Distraction osteogenesis in the treatment of long bone defects of the lower limbs: effectiveness, complications and clinical results; a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anaesthetic drugs and survival: a Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized trials in cardiac surgery.
Quantifying cardiovascular disease risk factors in patients with psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Suicide by occupation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Altitude training and haemoglobin mass from the optimised carbon monoxide rebreathing method determined by a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of single-incision versus conventional multiport appendicectomy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of oesophageal Doppler-guided fluid management in colorectal surgery.
Meta-analysis of ischaemic preconditioning for liver resections.
Promoter methylation of BRCA1 in the prognosis of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Predictors of mortality in patients with an implantable cardiac defibrillator: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bupropion for smoking cessation in patients hospitalized with cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparison of laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass with laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy for morbid obesity or type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Outcome of adolescents and young adults with acute myeloid leukemia treated on COG trials compared to CALGB and SWOG trials.
Bortezomib-containing induction regimens in transplant-eligible myeloma patients: a meta-analysis of phase 3 randomized clinical trials.
Circulating leptin levels and risk of colorectal cancer and adenoma: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Triage of women with minor abnormal cervical cytology: meta-analysis of the accuracy of an assay targeting messenger ribonucleic acid of 5 high-risk human papillomavirus types.
Parity and kidney cancer risk: evidence from epidemiologic studies.
Antidiabetic medications and the risk of colorectal cancer in patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Therapeutic potential and adverse events of everolimus for treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma - systematic review and meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy alone versus chemotherapy followed by consolidative radiotherapy for limited-stage aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Drug-eluting balloons for de novo coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of angiographic and clinical data.
Short and long term complications of device closure of atrial septal defect and patent foramen ovale: meta-analysis of 28,142 patients from 203 studies.
Diagnostic accuracy and safety of semirigid thoracoscopy in exudative pleural effusions: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of treatments for chronic cough: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Short- vs long-duration antibiotic regimens for ventilator-associated pneumonia:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Parenting behavior and the risk of becoming a victim and a bully/victim: a meta-analysis study.
C509T and T869C polymorphisms of transforming growth factor β1 and the risk of IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
End-therapy positron emission tomography for treatment response assessment in follicular lymphoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of short-term high-dose atorvastatin pretreatment in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis  of nine randomized controlled trials.
Differences in coronary blood flow in aortic regurgitation and systemic arterial  hypertension have implications for diastolic blood pressure targets: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence of fatal food anaphylaxis in people with food allergy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the tumour necrosis factor-α polymorphisms rs361525 and rs1800629  with susceptibility to psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Liver stiffness is associated with risk of decompensation, liver cancer, and death in patients with chronic liver diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Advanced imaging technologies increase detection of dysplasia and neoplasia in patients with Barrett's esophagus: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Stem cell origin of testicular seminoma.
Adjuvant treatment for resected renal cell carcinoma: are all strategies equally  negative? Potential implications for trial design with targeted agents.
Prebiotic supplementation in preterm neonates: updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Use of nutritional complete supplements in older adults with dementia: systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical outcomes.
Functional endoscopic sinus surgery improves sinus-related symptoms and quality of life in children with chronic rhinosinusitis: a systematic analysis and meta-analysis of published interventional studies.
SLCO1B1 genetic variant associated with statin-induced myopathy: a proof-of-concept study using the clinical practice research datalink.
Preventing postpartum depression: a meta-analytic review.
Optimal attentional focus during exposure in specific phobia: a meta-analysis.
The neuropsychology of adult obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between personal unsecured debt and mental and physical health:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of the Incredible Years parent training to modify disruptive and prosocial child behavior: a meta-analytic review.
A meta-analysis of nonrandomized effectiveness studies on outpatient cognitive behavioral therapy for adult anxiety disorders.
The TEACCH program for children and adults with autism: a meta-analysis of intervention studies.
The efficacy of Botulinum Toxin A for spasticity and pain in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis using the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach.
Efficacy of strengthening or aerobic exercise on pain relief in people with knee  osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Glutathione S-transferase T1 gene polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: an updated analysis.
A meta-analysis of the role of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitors in patients with active rheumatoid arthritis.
Comparison of the efficacy of Lamivudine plus adefovir versus entecavir in the treatment of Lamivudine-resistant chronic hepatitis B: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychopharmacology and psychotherapy for the treatment of adults with ADHD-a systematic review of available meta-analyses.
BRAF mutation is associated with distinct clinicopathological characteristics in  colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rivaroxaban and risk of myocardial infarction: insights from a meta-analysis and  trial sequential analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Stent implantation in patients with metal allergy: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol use and sexual risk behaviors among individuals infected with HIV: a systematic review and meta-analysis 2012 to early 2013.
Association between pre-hypertension and cardiovascular outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The role of vascular epithelial growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors in the treatment of advanced breast cancer: a meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials.
Prognostic value of sentinel lymph node biopsy compared with that of Breslow thickness: implications for informed consent in patients with invasive melanoma.
Glycemic index, glycemic load, carbohydrates, and type 2 diabetes: systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Lack of impact on polyp detection by fellow involvement during colonoscopy: a meta-analysis.
Internet and computer based interventions for cannabis use: a meta-analysis.
Elderly patients with diabetes experience a lower rate of nocturnal hypoglycaemia with insulin degludec than with insulin glargine: a meta-analysis of phase IIIa trials.
The effects of sulfonylureas plus metformin on lipids, blood pressure, and adverse events in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Colorectal cancer association with metabolic syndrome and its components: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Add-on fluvoxamine treatment for schizophrenia: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
High-density lipoprotein cholesterol, coronary artery disease, and cardiovascular mortality.
An individual patient meta-analysis of five randomized trials assessing the effects of cardiac resynchronization therapy on morbidity and mortality in patients with symptomatic heart failure.
Interleukin-6 receptor pathways in abdominal aortic aneurysm.
The effects of workplace stressors on muscle activity in the neck-shoulder and forearm muscles during computer work: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tumour vasculogenic mimicry is associated with poor prognosis of human cancer patients: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
The influence of endoscopic vein harvesting on outcomes after coronary bypass grafting: a meta-analysis of 267,525 patients.
Efficacy and safety evaluation of intensive statin therapy in older patients with coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physical activity, diabetes, and risk of thyroid cancer: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori CagA and VacA genotypes and gastric phenotype: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of symptomatic response attributable to the pacing component of cardiac resynchronization therapy.
Cardiovascular mortality in Hispanics compared to non-Hispanic whites: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the Hispanic paradox.
Prognosis of multi-lobar pneumonia in community-acquired pneumonia: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Association of GSTP1 -313A/G polymorphisms and endometriosis risk: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Body mass index and risk of surgical site infection following spine surgery: a meta-analysis.
Lack of positive effect of intravitreal bevacizumab in central serous chorioretinopathy: meta-analysis and review.
Effects of mifepristone on uterine leiomyoma in premenopausal women: a meta-analysis.
Obstetric and perinatal outcomes in singleton pregnancies resulting from the transfer of blastocyst-stage versus cleavage-stage embryos generated through in vitro fertilization treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist in poor ovarian responders undergoing in vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Carbon dioxide versus normal saline as distension medium for diagnostic hysteroscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic performance of Fluorine-18-Fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography for the diagnosis of osteomyelitis related to diabetic foot: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
The role of prophylactic transpapillary pancreatic stenting in distal pancreatectomy: a meta-analysis.
The effect of ABCB1 C3435T polymorphism on pharmacokinetics of tacrolimus in liver transplantation: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between five widely-evaluated variants in CDKN2A/B and CDKAL1 genes and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Calpain-10 genetic polymorphisms and polycystic ovary syndrome risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Genetic variation near IRF8 is associated with serologic and cytokine profiles in systemic lupus erythematosus and multiple sclerosis.
Distinct loci in the CHRNA5/CHRNA3/CHRNB4 gene cluster are associated with onset  of regular smoking.
TERT genetic polymorphism rs2736100 was associated with lung cancer: a meta-analysis based on 14,492 subjects.
Association of XPC gene polymorphisms with susceptibility to prostate cancer: evidence from 3,936 subjects.
Functional polymorphisms in surfactant protein genes and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Serotonin transporter (5-HTT) gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to epilepsy:  a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
HIF-1α C1772T polymorphism and gastrointestinal tract cancer risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis.
Association between interleukin-6 gene polymorphisms and bone mineral density: a  meta-analysis.
Transforming growth factor-beta3 gene polymorphisms and nonsyndromic cleft lip and palate risk: a meta-analysis.
MCP-1-2518A>G polymorphism and myocardial infarction risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
C-reactive protein gene polymorphisms and myocardial infarction risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
TLR-2 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to cancer: evidence from meta-analysis.
An integrative meta-analysis of microRNAs in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Narrow band imaging to differentiate neoplastic and non-neoplastic colorectal polyps in real time: a meta-analysis of diagnostic operating characteristics.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of alendronate and zoledronate for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
The association between plasma homocysteine and coronary heart disease is modified by the MTHFR 677C>T polymorphism.
Remote monitoring after recent hospital discharge in patients with heart failure: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of genotype-phenotype associations in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy caused by sarcomeric protein mutations.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of training mode, imaging modality and body size influences on the morphology and function of the male athlete's heart.
Chronic hepatitis virus infection increases the risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Cabergoline use and risk of fibrosis and insufficiency of cardiac valves. Meta-analysis of observational studies.
Subsistence strategy changes: the evidence of entheseal changes.
A coordinate-based meta-analytic model of trauma processing in posttraumatic stress disorder.
FoxP3 rs3761548 polymorphism predicts autoimmune disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
The association between interleukin-6 gene polymorphisms and intracranial aneurysms: a meta-analysis.
TLR-9 promoter polymorphisms (T-1237C and T-1486C) are not associated with systemic lupus erythematosus: a case control study and meta-analysis.
Replication study in Chinese Han population and meta-analysis supports association between the MBL2 gene polymorphism and HIV-1 infection.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in candidate genes and dengue severity in children: a case-control, functional and meta-analysis study.
Association of MCP-1 -2518A/G and -362G/C variants and tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Topical negative pressure to treat surgical site infections, with a focus on post-sternotomy infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Combination antibiotic therapy versus monotherapy for Pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteraemia: a meta-analysis of retrospective and prospective studies.
Antibiotic non-susceptibility among Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae isolates identified in African cohorts: a meta-analysis of three decades of published studies.
Effect of atrial fibrillation ablation on myocardial function: insights from cardiac magnetic resonance feature tracking analysis.
Sunitinib adverse events in metastatic renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of procalcitonin for bacterial infection in elderly patients - a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Association of HIV and ART with cardiometabolic traits in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effects of indoor nitrogen dioxide and gas cooking on asthma and wheeze in children.
Prognostic factors for mortality in neonatal tetanus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic factors for risk stratification of adult cancer patients with chemotherapy-induced febrile neutropenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of association between cytokine gene polymorphisms and Behcet's disease risk.
Association of FcγRIIIa-158V/F with systemic lupus erythematosus in a Chinese population.
Treatment of osteochondral fractures of the knee: a meta-analysis of available scientific evidence.
Association between TNF-α -308G/A polymorphism and diabetic nephropathy risk: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of effects of long-term low-fat vs high-fat diets on blood lipid levels in overweight or obese patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of psoriasis, cardiovascular disease, and associated risk factors.
Common variants in Mendelian kidney disease genes and their association with renal function.
Association between apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism and the risk of recurrent  pregnancy loss: a meta-analysis.
Percutaneous ablation therapy versus surgical resection in the treatment for early-stage hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of 21,494 patients.
Effect of levosimendan on survival and adverse events after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Cryoablation versus RF ablation for AVNRT: A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of the prevalence, incidence and natural history of critical limb ischemia.
Cross-ethnic meta-analysis of genetic variants for polycystic ovary syndrome.
Lifestyle modification programs in polycystic ovary syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adverse effects of the common treatments for polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Quality scores do not predict discrepant statistical significances among meta-analyses on different targets of glycemic control in type 2 diabetes.
Meta-analysis of the influence of DRD3 Ser9Gly variant on susceptibility for essential tremor.
Matrix metalloproteinase-1 promoter -1607 1G/2G polymorphism and chronic periodontitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Antipsychotics for cocaine or psychostimulant dependence: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for severe respiratory failure in adult patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of current evidence.
Preoperative use of anti-TNF therapy and postoperative complications in inflammatory bowel diseases: a meta-analysis.
The risks of post-operative complications following pre-operative infliximab therapy for Crohn's disease in patients undergoing abdominal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of insulin aspart versus regular human insulin used in a basal-bolus regimen for the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Autonomic functioning in irritable bowel syndrome measured by heart rate variability: a meta-analysis.
Prediction of low birthweight and small for gestational age from symphysis-fundal height mainly in developing countries: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: is sequential therapy superior to standard triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori infection in Asian adults?
Correlation of imatinib resistance with the mutational status of KIT and PDGFRA genes in gastrointestinal stromal tumors: a meta-analysis.
Tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) genetic polymorphisms and the risk of autoimmune liver disease: a meta-analysis.
Association of HS6ST3 gene polymorphisms with obesity and triglycerides: gene x gender interaction.
Generalized anxiety disorder prevalence and comorbidity with depression in coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Stent loss and retrieval during percutaneous coronary interventions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Systematic review and meta-analyses of diagnostic accuracy of infrared thermometer when identifying fever in children].
[A quality assessment of meta-analyses of nursing in South Korea].
Comparison of short-term clinical outcomes between robotic and laparoscopic gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of 2495 patients.
18 FDG PET and PET-CT for the detection of bone metastases in patients with head  and neck cancer. A meta-analysis.
Testicular cancer and viral infections: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Effects of vibration on flexibility: a meta-analysis.
Arthritis self-efficacy scale scores in knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review  and meta-analysis comparing arthritis self-management education with or without exercise.
The significance of keratinized mucosa on implant health: a systematic review.
Do implant length and width matter for short dental implants (<10 mm)? A meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Is immediate autologous breast reconstruction with postoperative radiotherapy good practice?: a systematic review of the literature.
Effectiveness of local anaesthetic pain catheters for abdominal donor site analgesia in patients undergoing free lower abdominal flap breast reconstruction: A meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Efficacy and safety of NMDA receptor antagonists augmentation therapy for schizophrenia: an updated meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Functional neuroanatomy of response inhibition in bipolar disorders--combined voxel based and cognitive performance meta-analysis.
Electrodermal hyporeactivity as a trait marker for suicidal propensity in uni- and bipolar depression.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of mindfulness-based stress reduction for the fibromyalgia syndrome.
AGT gene polymorphisms (M235T, T174M) are associated with coronary heart disease  in a Chinese population.
Laparoscopic gastrectomy for advanced gastric cancer: are the long-term results comparable with conventional open gastrectomy? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Self-gripping versus sutured mesh for inguinal hernia repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis of current literature.
Clinical benefits of dexmedetomidine versus propofol in adult intensive care unit patients: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Prognostic role of embolic burden assessed at computed tomography angiography in  patients with acute pulmonary embolism: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The 5-HTTLPR polymorphism and posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
Shear wave elastography for differentiation of benign and malignant thyroid nodules: a meta-analysis.
Nonantibiotic prophylaxis for recurrent urinary tract infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The efficacy and safety of combined therapy with α-blockers and anticholinergics  for men with benign prostatic hyperplasia: a meta-analysis.
Drug-eluting stents for revascularization of infrapopliteal arteries: updated meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Left main coronary artery stenosis: a meta-analysis of drug-eluting stents versus coronary artery bypass grafting.
Device closure of patent foramen ovale versus medical therapy in cryptogenic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes and cardiovascular responses to different exercise training intensities in patients with heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
New oral anticoagulants and the risk of intracranial hemorrhage: traditional and  Bayesian meta-analysis and mixed treatment comparison of randomized trials of new oral anticoagulants in atrial fibrillation.
Efficacy and safety of trabeculectomy vs nonpenetrating surgical procedures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea by peripheral arterial tonometry: meta-analysis.
Probiotics to prevent or treat excessive infant crying: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis of outcomes of carotid endarterectomy  and stenting in the elderly.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of studies involving telehome monitoring-based telenursing for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Does cruciate-retaining total knee arthroplasty enhance knee flexion in Western and East Asian patient populations? A meta-analysis.
Comparison of coronary artery bypass surgery and percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled  trials.
Coverage of intermittent preventive treatment and insecticide-treated nets for the control of malaria during pregnancy in sub-Saharan Africa: a synthesis and meta-analysis of national survey data, 2009-11.
Diagnostic performance of narrowed spectrum endoscopy, autofluorescence imaging,  and confocal laser endomicroscopy for optical diagnosis of colonic polyps: a meta-analysis.
ENERgized vessel sealing systems versus CONventional hemostasis techniques in thyroid surgery--the ENERCON systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis of prospective randomized trials comparing minimally invasive video-assisted thyroidectomy (MIVAT) and conventional thyroidectomy (CT).
Incidence of colorectal cancer after liver transplantation for primary sclerosing cholangitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rituximab in systemic lupus erythematosus: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metabolic syndrome and postmenopausal breast cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Head-to-head comparison of fibrates versus statins for elevation of circulating adiponectin concentrations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between serotonin transporter (SERT) gene polymorphism and idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension: a meta-analysis and review of the literature.
A meta-analysis of the effect of angiotensin receptor blockers and calcium channel blockers on blood pressure, glycemia and the HOMA-IR index in non-diabetic patients.
Efficacy of intravenous lidocaine versus placebo on attenuating cardiovascular response to laryngoscopy and tracheal intubation: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
The MTR 2756A>G polymorphism and maternal risk of birth of a child with Down syndrome: a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Folate intake and MTHFR polymorphism C677T is not associated with ovarian cancer  risk: evidence from the meta-analysis.
VEGF +936C/T and +460C/T gene polymorphisms and oral cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ2 Pro12Ala (rs1801282) polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
GSK-3β polymorphism discriminates bipolar disorder and schizophrenia: a systematic meta-analysis.
The protective effect of the obesity-associated rs9939609 A variant in fat mass-  and obesity-associated gene on depression.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical variables used in Huntington disease research.
Yoga for functional ability, pain and psychosocial outcomes in musculoskeletal conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Incidence and risk factors of prehypertension among adults in mainland China: a  meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of 74,046 individuals identifies 11 new susceptibility loci for Alzheimer's disease.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a meta-analysis of stimulus parameter effects.
Brain circuitries of obsessive compulsive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies.
What are people with Parkinson's disease really impaired on when it comes to making decisions? A meta-analysis of the evidence.
Altered likelihood of brain activation in attention and working memory networks in patients with multiple sclerosis: an ALE meta-analysis.
Role of sensory modality and motor planning in the slowing of patients with traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy in mild cognitive impairment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of non-invasive neurostimulation on craving: a meta-analysis.
rhTSH-aided low-activity versus high-activity regimens of radioiodine in residual ablation for differentiated thyroid cancer: a meta-analysis.
Fiber intake and glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Safety and efficacy of a new parenteral lipid emulsion (SMOF) for surgical patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of resveratrol supplementation on plasma lipids: a systematic review and  meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Gastric bypass and sleeve gastrectomy for type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of outcomes.
School-based obesity prevention programs: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cesarean delivery and cerebral palsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between mental stress and gestational hypertension/preeclampsia: a meta-analysis.
BDNF rs6265 polymorphism and drug addiction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of MTHFR polymorphisms in methotrexate toxicity prediction in pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
The cost-effectiveness of oral direct factor Xa inhibitors compared with low-molecular-weight heparin for the prevention of venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in total hip or knee replacement surgery.
Laser therapy for prevention and treatment of pathologic excessive scars.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on the work-related cause of de Quervain tenosynovitis: a critical appraisal of its recognition as an occupational disease.
Circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D serum concentration and total cancer incidence and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Are post-docetaxel treatments effective in patients with castration-resistant prostate cancer and performance of 2? A meta-analysis of published trials.
Externalizing biases and hallucinations in source-monitoring, self-monitoring and signal detection studies: a meta-analytic review.
Abnormalities of autobiographical memory of patients with depressive disorders: a meta-analysis.
Complex span and n-back measures of working memory: a meta-analysis.
DDT/DDE and breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Psychosocial interventions for reducing vocal challenging behavior in persons with autistic disorder: a multilevel meta-analysis of single-case experiments.
[Effectiveness of cleaning or disinfecting the urinary meatus before urinary catheterization: a systematic review].
The prevalence of depression in rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of biologic therapy on functional status in patients with rheumatoid arthritis--a meta-analysis.
Role of tranexamic acid in endoscopic sinus surgery - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of robotic-assisted pancreatectomy versus laparoscopic and open pancreatectomy.
Proximal gastrectomy versus total gastrectomy for proximal gastric carcinoma. A meta-analysis on postoperative complications, 5-year survival, and recurrence rate.
The accuracy of glial fibrillary acidic protein in acute stroke differential diagnosis: A meta-analysis.
Colonic J-pouch versus Baker type for rectal reconstruction after anterior resection of rectal cancer.
Association of Helicobacter pylori infection with diabetes mellitus and diabetic  nephropathy: a meta-analysis of 39 studies involving more than 20,000 participants.
Effects of sprint interval training on VO2max and aerobic exercise performance: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Perineural invasion as a predictor of extraprostatic extension of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neurocognition and symptoms identify links between facial recognition and emotion processing in schizophrenia: meta-analytic findings.
Antipsychotics' effects on blood levels of cytokines in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the safety and efficacy of febuxostat versus allopurinol in chronic gout.
Total shoulder arthroplasty versus hemiarthroplasty in patients with shoulder osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Survival of pre-viable preterm infants in the United States: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Behavioural interventions to reduce sexual risk for HIV in heterosexual couples:  a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of the effect of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on paretic hand recovery after stroke].
Is social categorization based on relational ingroup/outgroup opposition? A meta-analysis.
Racial and ethnic disparities in the use of antipsychotic medication: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aggrecan variable number of tandem repeat polymorphism and lumbar disc degeneration: a meta-analysis.
The biomechanical differences between barefoot and shod distance running: a systematic review and preliminary meta-analysis.
Optimal patient education for cancer pain: a systematic review and theory-based meta-analysis.
Effect of bariatric surgery on oncologic outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of whole-body MRI and skeletal scintigraphy for detection of bone metastatic tumors: a meta-analysis.
Locoregional and distant recurrences after breast conserving therapy in patients  with triple-negative breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
The role of drainage after excision and primary closure of pilonidal sinus: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of published, randomized, controlled trials comparing suture anastomosis to stapled anastomosis for ileostomy closure.
Lack of association between cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen-4 -318C/T polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Epidemiology of ocular surface squamous neoplasia in Africa.
The VDR gene FokI polymorphism and ovarian cancer risk.
A systematic review of p53 as a biomarker of survival in patients with osteosarcoma.
Predictive effect of XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism on platinum-based chemotherapy  in lung cancer patients: meta-analysis.
Association between MPO 463G>A polymorphism and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
The role of beclin-1 expression in patients with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Current evidence on the relationship between SNP309 polymorphism in the MDM2 gene and colorectal cancer risk.
Association between tumor necrosis factor β 252 A/G polymorphism and risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
IDH1 mutation is associated with improved overall survival in patients with glioblastoma: a meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor-α 238 G/A polymorphism and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Associations between vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and breast cancer risk.
Association between FAS A670G polymorphism and susceptibility to cervical cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Association between NQO1 C609T polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk.
Single nucleotide polymorphism 6q25.1 rs2046210 and increased risk of breast cancer.
Association between glutathione S-transferase M 1 null genotype and risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Assessment of the association between XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism and lung cancer in Chinese.
Significant association between XRCC3 C241T polymorphism and increased risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
The cyclin D1 (CCND1) G870A polymorphism and lung cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
The association of matrix metalloproteinase-1 genetic polymorphism (-1607 1G>2G)  with colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
High plasma D-dimer level is associated with decreased survival in patients with  lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 rs1800566 polymorphism and risk of bladder cancer.
Quantitative assessment of the association between CYP1A1 A4889G polymorphism and endometrial cancer risk.
NAD(P)H: quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) C609T polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of the MTHFR C677T polymorphism with primary brain tumor risk.
Genetic polymorphisms in glutathione S-transferases P1 (GSTP1) Ile105Val and prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CYP1A1 exon7 polymorphism is associated with lung cancer risk among the female population and among smokers: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the relationship between p21 Ser31Arg polymorphism and cervical cancer.
Association between vitamin D receptor gene Cdx2 polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility.
Association between tumor necrosis factor-alpha 857C/T polymorphism and gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphisms association with the risk  of diffuse large B cell lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Contrast-enhanced ultrasonography for the diagnosis of small hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis.
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of prospective  studies.
Association between X-ray repair cross-complementation group 1 rs25487 polymorphism and pancreatic cancer risk.
PLCE1 rs2274223 A>G polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The -137G>C polymorphism in interleukin-18 promoter region and cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis of 21 studies.
Current evidences on IL1B polymorphisms and lung cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the relation between vitamin D receptor gene BsmI polymorphism and susceptibility to ovarian cancer.
Prognostic value of cyclin E expression in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Cyclooxygenase-2 polymorphisms were associated with the risk of gastric cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis based on case-control studies.
Relationship of isolated single umbilical artery to fetal growth, aneuploidy and  perinatal mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Isolated fetal pyelectasis and the risk of Down syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Genetics of serum BDNF: meta-analysis of the Val66Met and genome-wide association study.
Hepatectomy in elderly patients: does age matter?
Is stone diameter a variable in the decision process of employing a ureteral stent in patients undergoing uncomplicated ureterorenoscopy and associated intracorporeal lithotripsy?
Outcomes of fusion for lateral atlantoaxial osteoarthritis: meta-analysis and review of literature.
Peginterferon alpha versus other antiviral regimes for Chinese HBeAg-positive chronic hepatitis B patients.
[Meta-analysis of the role of two common prostheses in total hip replacement].
[Meta-analysis of the role of Argatroban in renal replacement therapy].
[Treating vascular mild cognitive impairment by acupuncture: a systematic review  of randomized controlled trials].
[Correlation between polymorphisms in the coagulation factor VII gene hypervariable region 4 site and the risk of coronary heart disease in population  with different ethnic backgrounds: a Meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis on the incidence rates of child sexual abuse in China].
[Meta analysis of postoperative complications between laparoscopic resection and  traditional open resection of mid-low rectal carcinoma].
[A meta-analysis on the safety of combination therapy with fenofibrate and statins].
[Efficacy evaluation of photodynamic therapy and intravitreal anti-VEGF injection for polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy: systematic review].
[Primary risk factors of hepatitis E virus infection:a meta-analysis].
Transcatheter closure of patent foramen ovale does not reduce the risk of recurrent ischemic stroke versus medical therapy alone: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of obsessive-compulsive symptomatology on executive functions in schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of self-reported childhood abuse in psychosis: a meta-analysis of retrospective studies.
Chromium picolinate supplementation for overweight or obese adults.
Optimal dosing of antibiotics in critically ill patients by using continuous/extended infusions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of interferon-gamma release assays for differentiating intestinal tuberculosis from Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic vs open total gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy versus best supportive care for extensive small cell lung cancer.
Vitamin C intake, circulating vitamin C and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
GAB2 polymorphism rs2373115 confers susceptibility to sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Efficacy, safety and tolerability of tofacitinib in patients with an inadequate response to disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs: a meta-analysis of randomized double-blind controlled studies.
The impact of body mass index on complication and survival in resected oesophageal cancer: a clinical-based cohort and meta-analysis.
Topical cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator gene replacement for  cystic fibrosis-related lung disease.
Nutritional interventions for reducing gastrointestinal toxicity in adults undergoing radical pelvic radiotherapy.
[Relationship of alcohol drinking and tea consumption with the risk of nasopharynx cancer among Chinese population: a meta-analysis].
[Ten-day sequential therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication in children: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials].
Enamel etching for bonding fixed orthodontic braces.
Diagnostic accuracy of laparoscopy following computed tomography (CT) scanning for assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic and periampullary cancer.
Differential effectiveness of placebo treatments: a systematic review of migraine prophylaxis.
Lateral pararectal versus transrectal stoma placement for prevention of parastomal herniation.
Therapy of endocrine disease: Impact of iodine supplementation in mild-to-moderate iodine deficiency: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Chlamydia pneumoniae infection and cerebrovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Oral zinc supplementation for the treatment of acute diarrhea in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is Dor fundoplication optimum after laparoscopic Heller myotomy for achalasia? A  meta-analysis.
Association of presence/absence and on/off patterns of Helicobacter pylori oipA gene with peptic ulcer disease and gastric cancer risks: a meta-analysis.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting does not increase the 1-year mortality compared to on-pump: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of off-pump coronary artery bypass on mortality after acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Oral contraceptives and risk of ovarian cancer and breast cancer among high-risk  women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of daily iron supplementation in primary-school-aged children: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Antiepileptic drugs for the treatment of severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy.
Secretory phospholipase A(2)-IIA and cardiovascular disease: a mendelian randomization study.
[Efficacy and safety of Kuntai capsule and estrogen for menopausal syndrome: a meta-analysis].
Antibiotic therapy for the treatment of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) in non surgical wounds.
Meta-analysis of effect of single versus dual antiplatelet therapy on early patency of bypass conduits after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Probiotics for infantile colic: a systematic review.
Pre-operative endometrial thinning agents before endometrial destruction for heavy menstrual bleeding.
Meta-analysis supports association of a functional SNP (rs1801133) in the MTHFR gene with Parkinson's disease.
Genetic associations with coronary heart disease: meta-analyses of 12 candidate genetic variants.
Effects of ranolazine in symptomatic patients with stable coronary artery disease. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predicting esophagitis after chemoradiation therapy for non-small cell lung cancer: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
The relationship between depressive symptoms and obstructive sleep apnea in pediatric populations: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of acupuncture for nonspecific chronic low back pain: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
NeuroGeM, a knowledgebase of genetic modifiers in neurodegenerative diseases.
Systemic antimicrobial prophylaxis for percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy.
Meta-analysis of incidence of early lung toxicity in 3-dimensional conformal irradiation of breast carcinomas.
Adjuvant radiotherapy of regional lymph nodes in breast cancer - a meta-analysis  of randomized trials.
Combined radiochemotherapy in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
The magnitude of loss to follow-up of HIV-exposed infants along the prevention of mother-to-child HIV transmission continuum of care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence that a tax on sugar sweetened beverages reduces the obesity rate: a meta-analysis.
Progestin-only pills for contraception.
Homeopathy for treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
Protocol for a collaborative meta-analysis of 5-HTTLPR, stress, and depression.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of tumor biomarkers in predicting prognosis in esophageal cancer.
The potential of hypoxia markers as target for breast molecular imaging--a systematic review and meta-analysis of human marker expression.
Evaluation of glutathione S-transferase genetic variants affecting type 2 diabetes susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between 5-HT2A receptor polymorphisms and risk of obstructive sleep apnea and hypopnea syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms of xeroderma pigmentosum group D gene Asp312Asn and Lys751Gln and susceptibility to prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neoadjuvant chemo-radiotherapy for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a meta-analytical evaluation of prospective studies.
Meta-analysis of acupuncture for relieving non-organic dyspeptic symptoms suggestive of diabetic gastroparesis.
Diagnostic indicators of non-cardiovascular chest pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bare metal stents, durable polymer drug eluting stents, and biodegradable polymer drug eluting stents for coronary artery disease: mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Variation at 10p12.2 and 10p14 influences risk of childhood B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and phenotype.
Magnetic endoscopic imaging vs standard colonoscopy: meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Association between Ras association domain family 1A promoter methylation and hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy outcomes of first and second generation durable polymer drug  eluting stents and biodegradable polymer biolimus eluting stents in clinical practice: comprehensive network meta-analysis.
Disease-free survival as a surrogate for overall survival in adjuvant trials of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Progression-free survival as a surrogate for overall survival in advanced/recurrent gastric cancer trials: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of cognitive enhancers for patients with mild cognitive impairment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dilute versus full strength formula in exclusively formula-fed preterm or low birth weight infants.
Pimozide for schizophrenia or related psychoses.
Obstructive sleep apnea and risk of cardiovascular disease and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Cangrelor infusion is associated with an increased risk for bleeding: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Robotically assisted ablation of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is there excess mortality in women screened with mammography: a meta-analysis of  non-breast cancer mortality.
Interventions for non-metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the skin: systematic  review and pooled analysis of observational studies.
Clinicopathological and prognostic significance of S100A4 overexpression in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Safety and immunogenicity of 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine in infants: a meta-analysis.
MDM2 SNP309 polymorphism contributes to endometrial cancer susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis to assess patient-reported outcomes after lung cancer surgery.
The diagnosis of acute mesenteric ischemia: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of road accident associated with the use of drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis of evidence from epidemiological studies.
The adverse event profile of zonisamide: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between preeclampsia, pregnancy-induced hypertension and maternal risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Population genetic structure of Schistosoma mansoni and Schistosoma haematobium from across six sub-Saharan African countries: implications for epidemiology, evolution and control.
Understanding the relationship between social anxiety and alcohol use in college  students: a meta-analysis.
Screening for dementia in general hospital inpatients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of available instruments.
The effect of physical rehabilitation on activities of daily living in older residents of long-term care facilities: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Excuses, excuses: a meta-analytic review of how mitigating information can change aggression and an exploration of moderating variables.
A trial of mercaptopurine is a safe strategy in patients with inflammatory bowel  disease intolerant to azathioprine: an observational study, systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: rectal indomethacin for the prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: race-specific effects of alcohol and tobacco on the risk of oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Apolipoprotein E polymorphisms in frontotemporal lobar degeneration: a meta-analysis.
Dementia severity and weight loss: a comparison across eight cohorts. The 10/66 study.
Posttraumatic stress disorder and risk for coronary heart disease: a meta-analytic review.
Prediagnostic plasma vitamin C and risk of gastric adenocarcinoma and esophageal  squamous cell carcinoma in a Chinese population.
Prenatal folic acid and risk of asthma in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Belief beyond the evidence: using the proposed effect of breakfast on obesity to  show 2 practices that distort scientific evidence.
Fine-needle aspiration cytology for the diagnosis of metastatic melanoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intraprocedural quality in endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography: a meta-analysis.
The effect of exercise training on cognitive function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Evaluation of the Oxford Classification of IgA nephropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do published studies of educational outreach provide documentation of potentially important characteristics?
Myopia and age-related cataract: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphisms and risk of preeclampsia.
Financial incentives for exercise adherence in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Job strain and health-related lifestyle: findings from an individual-participant  meta-analysis of 118,000 working adults.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6, and interleukin-10 levels are altered in preeclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Leukotriene antagonists in nasal polyposis: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Transtibial versus independent drilling techniques for anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression.
The role of N--acetylcysteine in the prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy in patients undergoing peripheral angiography: a structured review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of adverse effects between lingual and labial orthodontic treatment.
Human papillomavirus types 16 and 18 in esophagus squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on dose-response relationship between night shift work and the risk of breast cancer.
Second-line chemotherapy versus supportive cancer treatment in advanced gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
First-line bevacizumab in combination with chemotherapy for HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer: pooled and subgroup analyses of data from 2447 patients.
Identification of the PTPN22 functional variant R620W as susceptibility genetic factor for giant cell arteritis.
Fenestrated endovascular repair for pararenal abdominal aortic aneurysms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopic and open surgery for gastric gastrointestinal stromal tumor.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of antimicrobial treatment effect estimation  in complicated urinary tract infection.
Blood pressure and cognition among older adults: a meta-analysis.
Frequency of tuberculosis in anthracosis of the lung: a systematic review.
Total knee replacement following high tibial osteotomy versus total knee replacement without high tibial osteotomy: a systematic review and meta analysis.
Meta-analysis identifies robust association between SNP rs17465637 in MIA3 on chromosome 1q41 and coronary artery disease.
Baseline serum uric acid level as a predictor of cardiovascular disease related mortality and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Subglottic secretion drainage for preventing ventilator associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Systematic meta-analysis of individual selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor medications and congenital malformations.
Association of IFIH1 rs1990760 polymorphism with susceptibility to autoimmune diseases: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of chronic PTSD with early cognitive behavioral therapy. A meta-analysis using mixed-effects modeling.
Association of lumbar disc degeneration with osteoporotic fractures; the Rotterdam study and meta-analysis from systematic review.
Association between metabolic syndrome and osteoporosis: a meta-analysis.
The outcome of total ankle replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adverse peri-operative outcomes following elective total hip replacement in diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Regional anaesthesia to prevent chronic pain after surgery: a Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Duration of analgesic effectiveness after the posterior and lateral transversus abdominis plane block techniques for transverse lower abdominal incisions: a meta-analysis.
Association between point-of-care CRP testing and antibiotic prescribing in respiratory tract infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis of primary care studies.
Gemtuzumab ozogamicin for treatment of newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukaemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pre-diagnosis cigarette smoking and overall survival in non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials on safety and efficacy of biliary drainage before surgery for obstructive jaundice.
Systematic review of perioperative selective decontamination of the digestive tract in elective gastrointestinal surgery.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of robotic surgery compared with conventional laparoscopic and open resections for gastric carcinoma.
Differentiated parietal connectivity of frontal regions for "what" and "where" memory.
Imitation and speech: commonalities within Broca's area.
Efficacy of the Pilates method for pain and disability in patients with chronic nonspecific low back pain: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in ductal compared to lobular carcinoma of the breast: a meta-analysis of published trials including 1,764 lobular breast cancer.
Quality of care provided by mid-level health workers: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Background paper to the recommendation for the preferential use of live-attenuated influenza vaccine in children aged 2-6 years in Germany.
[Efficacy and safety of idursulfase therapy in patients with mucopolysaccharidosis type II with and without comparison to placebo: systematic  review and meta-analysis].
[Efficacy of commercially available vaccines against HPV infection in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Efficacy and safety of biologics in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis: a comprehensive meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Associations between the four toll-like receptor polymorphisms and the risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Expression of thymidylate synthase predicts clinical outcomes of pemetrexed-containing chemotherapy for non-small-cell lung cancer: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
The frequency and cancer risk associated with the atypical cytologic diagnostic category in endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine-needle aspiration specimens of solid pancreatic lesions: a meta-analysis and argument for a Bethesda System for  Reporting Cytopathology of the Pancreas.
Oral contraceptive use and risk of breast, cervical, colorectal, and endometrial  cancers: a systematic review.
Fulvestrant for advanced breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk of hematologic toxicities in cancer patients treated with sunitinib: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of device closure for patent foramen ovale for secondary prevention of neurological events: Comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Postconditioning in patients treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention: an updated meta-analysis.
Duct-to-mucosa versus invagination pancreaticojejunostomy after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis.
Role of Lactobacillus in the prevention of Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Replication of association study between type 2 diabetes mellitus and IGF2BP2 in  Han Chinese population.
The efficacy and safety of oral anticoagulants in warfarin-suitable patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The myeloperoxidase -463G/A polymorphism and coronary artery disease risk: A meta-analysis of 1938 cases and 1990 controls.
Matrix metalloproteinase7 -181A/G polymorphism is associated with increased cancer risk among high-quality studies: Evidence from a meta-analysis.
Use of high-sensitivity troponin assays predicts mortality in patients with normal conventional troponin assays on admission-insights from a meta-analysis.
Safety of bevacizumab in treating metastatic colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of all randomized clinical trials.
Total thyroidectomy vs bilateral subtotal thyroidectomy in patients with Graves'  diseases: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Mitomycin C versus 5-fluorouracil as an adjunctive treatment for trabeculectomy:  a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Central adiposity is associated with increased risk of esophageal inflammation, metaplasia, and adenocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Coffee reduces risk for hepatocellular carcinoma: an updated meta-analysis.
Trends of etiology and drug resistance in enteric fever in the last two decades in Nepal: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Burden of HIV-related cytomegalovirus retinitis in resource-limited settings: a systematic review.
Extracorporeal shock wave therapy is effective in treating chronic plantar fasciitis: a meta-analysis of RCTs.
Efficacy and safety of interferon-gamma-targeted therapy in Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Metal versus plastic stents for malignant biliary obstruction: an update meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of alcohol consumption and the risk of gout.
Effects of intravenous and intrathecal dexmedetomidine in spinal anesthesia: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the predictive value of 18F-fluoro-2-deoxyglucose positron emission tomography on survival in locally advanced rectal cancer after neoadjuvant chemoradiation.
The "handwriting brain": a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies of motor versus  orthographic processes.
A meta-analysis of endoscopic stenting as bridge to surgery versus emergency surgery for left-sided colorectal cancer obstruction.
Home blood pressure monitoring is better predictor of cardiovascular disease and  target organ damage than office blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Second generation antipsychotics in Asperger's Disorder and high functioning autism: a systematic review of the literature and effectiveness of meta-analysis.
CARING (CAncer Risk and INsulin analoGues): the association of diabetes mellitus  and cancer risk with focus on possible determinants - a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Comparative effects of sitagliptin and metformin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
The clinical significance of Ki-67 as a marker of prognostic value and chemosensitivity prediction in hormone-receptor-positive breast cancer: a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Efficacy of gemcitabine-based chemotherapy in metastatic breast cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Associations between tumor necrosis factor alpha gene -238 G/A and -308 G/A polymorphisms and the risk of pneumoconiosis: update of a meta-analysis.
Yoga for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Synchronous telehealth technologies in psychotherapy for depression: a meta-analysis.
Exercise lowers postprandial glucose but not fasting glucose in type 2 diabetes:  a meta-analysis of studies using continuous glucose monitoring.
Use of high-normal levels of haemoglobin A(1C) and fasting plasma glucose for diabetes screening and for prediction: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus increases the risk of bladder cancer: an updated meta-analysis  of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of cryoablation versus microwave ablation for small renal masses: is there a difference in outcome?
Ursodiol and colorectal cancer or dysplasia risk in primary sclerosing cholangitis and inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Cyst carcinoembryonic antigen in differentiating pancreatic cysts: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus and colorectal cancer prognosis: a meta-analysis.
Maté consumption and the risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Lack of an association between interleukin-6 -174G/C polymorphism and circulating interleukin-6 levels in normal population: a meta-analysis.
Gender disparities in HIV infection among persons who inject drugs in Central Asia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impulsivity and substance-related attentional bias: a meta-analytic review.
Meta-analysis: Effects of glycerol administration on plasma volume, haemoglobin,  and haematocrit.
Validity of automated threshold audiometry: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Air pollution exposure and lung function in children: the ESCAPE project.
Gender disparity in prevalence of depression among patient population: a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of drug resistant tuberculosis in Sub-Saharan Africa: how strongly associated with previous treatment and HIV co-infection?
PORP vs. TORP: a meta-analysis.
Patent foramen ovale transcatheter closure vs. medical therapy on recurrent vascular events: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
CMR imaging for the evaluation of myocardial stunning after acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of prospective trials.
Has the association between hysterectomy and ovarian cancer changed over time? A  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary intake of vitamins A, C, and E and the risk of colorectal adenoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Body mass index, physical activity, and colorectal cancer by anatomical subsites: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Current evidence on the relationship between three polymorphisms in the CYP1A2 gene and the risk of cancer.
Complete versus partial preservation of mitral valve apparatus during mitral valve replacement: meta-analysis and meta-regression of 1535 patients.
Elevated risk of opportunistic viral infection in patients with Crohn's disease during biological therapies: a meta analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Whole grain and refined grain consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies.
The relationship of Helicobacter pylori infection and colon neoplasia, on the basis of meta-analysis.
Known and missing left ventricular ejection fraction and survival in patients with heart failure: a MAGGIC meta-analysis report.
Do antipyretics prevent the recurrence of febrile seizures in children? A systematic review of randomized controlled trials and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy and mismatch negativity in bipolar disorder.
Diagnostic performance of computed tomography angiography and contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance angiography in patients with critical limb ischaemia and intermittent claudication: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficiency of acoustic radiation force impulse imaging for the staging of liver fibrosis: a meta-analysis.
Welding, longitudinal lung function decline and chronic respiratory symptoms: a systematic review of cohort studies.
Potential role of anti-p53 antibody in diagnosis of lung cancer: evidence from a  bivariate meta-analysis.
Photodynamic diagnosis of non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer with hexaminolevulinate cystoscopy: a meta-analysis of detection and recurrence based  on raw data.
The effect of androgen-replacement therapy on prostate growth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Progesterone luteal support after ovulation induction and intrauterine insemination: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacoeconomic analysis of the treatment of chronic hepatitis C with peginterferon alfa-2a or peginterferon alfa-2b plus ribavirin in Spain.
Risk of surgery for inflammatory bowel diseases has decreased over time: a systematic review and meta-analysis of population-based studies.
Association between TGF-β1 polymorphisms and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Pesticide-induced gene mutations and Parkinson disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Size of blood pressure reduction from renal denervation: insights from meta-analysis of antihypertensive drug trials of 4,121 patients with focus on trial design: the CONVERGE report.
Miscarriage and future maternal cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is transcatheter closure better than medical therapy for cryptogenic stroke with  patent foramen ovale? A meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Anatomic versus non-anatomic liver resection for hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review.
Combined use of capsule endoscopy and double-balloon enteroscopy in the diagnosis of obscure gastrointestinal bleeding: meta-analysis and pooled analysis.
The centre of the brain: topographical model of motor, cognitive, affective, and  somatosensory functions of the basal ganglia.
Structural abnormalities in the dyslexic brain: a meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Cycle cancellation and pregnancy after luteal estradiol priming in women defined  as poor responders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Time of insemination culture and outcomes of in vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adjunct low-molecular-weight heparin to improve live birth rate after recurrent implantation failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of acupuncture on rates of clinical pregnancy among women undergoing  in vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relationship of sleep duration and insomnia to risk of hypertension incidence: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials of telmisartan versus losartan for reduction of ambulatory blood pressure.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis reveals transethnic replication of mean arterial and pulse pressure loci.
Bilateral and unilateral stenting for malignant hilar obstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Burden of influenza in Latin America and the Caribbean: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safe cervical spine clearance in adult obtunded blunt trauma patients on the basis of a normal multidetector CT scan--a meta-analysis and cohort study.
Clinical results after different operative treatment methods of radial head and neck fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical outcome.
Meta-analysis of joint preservation versus arthroplasty for the treatment of displaced 3- and 4-part fractures of the proximal humerus.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of target terapies for the treatment of metastatic renal cancer.
A systematic review of nonabsorbable, absorbable, and steroid-impregnated spacers following endoscopic sinus surgery.
Cardiac toxicity in breast cancer patients treated with dual HER2 blockade.
Safety and efficacy of exercise training in elderly heart failure patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is fat talking a causal risk factor for body dissatisfaction? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Birth cohort changes in the depressive symptoms of Chinese older adults: a cross-temporal meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of fluorine 18 fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography imaging for detection of primary lesion and staging of endometrial cancer patients: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Association between CAG repeat polymorphisms and the risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis by race, study design and the number of (CAG)n repeat polymorphisms.
Long-term outcome of one-piece implants. Part II: Prosthetic outcomes. A systematic literature review with meta-analysis.
Effects of physiological aging on mismatch negativity: a meta-analysis.
Contribution of CD14-159C/T polymorphism to tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Do we really need closed-suction drainage in total hip arthroplasty? A meta-analysis.
Safety of off-label erythropoiesis stimulating agents in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials for repeat revascularization following off-pump versus on-pump coronary artery bypass grafting.
Cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant sterols/stanols provided in capsule and tablet formats: results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analytic evidence for neuroimaging models of depression: state or trait?
The neural correlates of reward-related processing in major depressive disorder:  a meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Association of indoor dampness and molds with rhinitis risk: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Pruritus in patients treated with targeted cancer therapies: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for the prevention of surgical site infection after tension-free hernia repair: a Bayesian and frequentist meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of foot and ankle exercise programs on reducing the risk of falling in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of low-dose thiazide diuretics on fasting plasma glucose and serum potassium-a meta-analysis.
Active vitamin D treatment for reduction of residual proteinuria: a systematic review.
Responsiveness of neoadjuvant chemotherapy before surgery predicts favorable prognosis for cervical cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Association between peripheral muscle strength and daily physical activity in patients with COPD: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Percutaneous coronary intervention in nonagenarian: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Hypothesis: cadmium explains, in part, why smoking increases the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Comparison of on-treatment platelet reactivity between triple antiplatelet therapy with cilostazol and standard dual antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing coronary interventions: a meta-analysis.
Glucose targets in pregnant women with diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Screening for gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic analysis of recently identified osteoporosis susceptibility genes in southern Chinese.
Preoperative aspiration culture for preoperative diagnosis of infection in total  hip or knee arthroplasty.
Modafinil augmentation therapy in unipolar and bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Going beyond inferior prefrontal involvement in semantic control: evidence for the additional contribution of dorsal angular gyrus and posterior middle temporal cortex.
Prostate cancer: diffusion-weighted imaging versus dynamic-contrast enhanced imaging for tumor localization-a meta-analysis.
Algorithms for a closed-loop artificial pancreas: the case for proportional-integral-derivative control.
The evidence base for diabetes technology: appropriate and inappropriate meta-analysis.
Radioiodine therapy for patients with differentiated thyroid cancer after thyroidectomy: direct comparison and network meta-analyses.
The efficacy of metformin in pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of prevalence.
Effectiveness of health education programs on exercise behavior among patients with heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Modification of risk, but not survival of esophageal cancer patients by esophageal cancer-related gene 1 Arg290Gln polymorphism: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
The volume effect in liver surgery--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Midodrine for orthostatic hypotension: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of social capital and health: a case for needed research.
Burnout in inpatient-based versus outpatient-based physicians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diastolic blood pressure reduction contributes more to the regression of left ventricular hypertrophy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Commercial MPT64-based tests for rapid identification of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex: a meta-analysis.
Prospective memory in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Saffron (Crocus sativus L.) and major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of transperitoneal versus extraperitoneal robot-assisted radical prostatectomy for prostate cancer.
Secondary traumatic stress among mental health providers working with the military: prevalence and its work- and exposure-related correlates.
The heterogeneity of cognitive symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Selective amygdalohippocampectomy versus anterior temporal lobectomy in the management of mesial temporal lobe epilepsy: a meta-analysis of comparative studies.
The effects of the timing of spinal surgery after traumatic spinal cord injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
First- versus second-generation endometrial ablation devices for treatment of menorrhagia: a systematic review, meta-analysis and appraisal of economic evaluations.
Meta-analysis of the effect of intravitreal bevacizumab versus intravitreal triamcinolone acetonide in central retinal vein occlusion.
Does quadriceps atrophy exist in individuals with patellofemoral pain? A systematic literature review with meta-analysis.
Primary motor cortex function in complex regional pain syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hepaticoduodenostomy versus hepaticojejunostomy after resection of choledochal cyst: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The frequency of peri-implant diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Suction-assisted lipectomy fails to improve cardiovascular metabolic markers of disease: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association studies of maximum number of drinks.
Schizophrenia and the risk of cardiovascular diseases: a meta-analysis of thirteen cohort studies.
Association of 5HTR1A gene variants with suicidal behavior: case-control study and updated meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of noradrenalin reuptake inhibitor augmentation therapy for schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Warfarin versus aspirin for prevention of stroke in heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Intrathecal treatment of cerebral vasospasm.
Prevention of poststroke depression: does prophylactic pharmacotherapy work?
Prognostic role of epidermal growth factor receptor in head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of ERBB2 and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 26 studies involving 35,088 subjects.
Meta-analyses of four eosinophil related gene variants in coronary heart disease.
Clinical outcomes of single versus staged hybrid repair for thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm.
Improved accuracy in computer-assisted unicondylar knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: Sequential therapy is superior to conventional therapy for Helicobacter pylori infection in Korea.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of bosentan for treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Efficacy of low-level laser therapy in the management of orthodontic pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
DNMT3A mutation is a poor prognosis biomarker in AML: results of a meta-analysis  of 4500 AML patients.
[Efficacy of videolaryngoscopes for nasotracheal intubation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
Statins and cognition: a systematic review and meta-analysis of short- and long-term cognitive effects.
Impact of resistance training in cancer survivors: a meta-analysis.
Effects of walking on the preservation of bone mineral density in perimenopausal  and postmenopausal women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A mitochondrial DNA variant 10398G>A in breast cancer among South Indians: an original study with meta-analysis.
Association of CDKN1B gene polymorphisms with susceptibility to breast cancer: a  meta-analysis.
Association between the receptor for advanced glycation end products gene polymorphisms and coronary artery disease.
Association between the -1438G/A and T102C polymorphisms of 5-HT2A receptor gene  and obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of HIF-1α expression in patients with gastric cancer.
Systematic evaluation of bladder cancer risk-associated single-nucleotide polymorphisms in a Chinese population.
Functional variants in NBS1 and cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis of 60  publications with 111 individual studies.
Maternal gene polymorphisms involved in folate metabolism and the risk of having  a Down syndrome offspring: a meta-analysis.
Anticoagulant therapies for the prevention of intravascular catheters malfunction in patients undergoing haemodialysis: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Convective therapies versus low-flux hemodialysis for chronic kidney failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Oxidative stress in blood in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis.
Serum glial fibrillary acidic protein as a biomarker for differentiating intracerebral hemorrhage and ischemic stroke in patients with symptoms of acute stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relapse following successful electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a meta-analysis.
Characteristics of exercise training interventions to improve cardiorespiratory fitness after stroke: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Toothbrushing versus toothbrushing plus tongue cleaning in reducing halitosis and tongue coating: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The SH2B1 obesity locus and abnormal glucose homeostasis: lack of evidence for association from a meta-analysis in individuals of European ancestry.
Effects of exercise on resting blood pressure in obese children: a meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Obstructive sleep apnea is associated with fatty liver and abnormal liver enzymes: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of pupil assessment for the detection of glaucoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact on vision of aspheric to spherical monofocal intraocular lenses in cataract surgery: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Topical cyclosporine in the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis: a meta-analysis.
Association of Lumican gene polymorphism with high myopia: a meta-analysis.
What proportion of people with hip and knee osteoarthritis meet physical activity guidelines? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between aspartic acid repeat polymorphism of the asporin gene and susceptibility to knee osteoarthritis: a genetic meta-analysis.
Defibrillation threshold testing does not predict clinical outcomes during long-term follow-up: a meta-analysis.
Effect of various kinds of cervical spinal surgery on clinical outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and safety of six antidepressants and anticonvulsants in painful diabetic neuropathy: a network meta-analysis.
Drug therapy for the treatment of chronic nonspecific low back pain: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antioxidant therapy for pain relief in patients with chronic pancreatitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genetic polymorphisms and ophthalmologic disease risk in Asian populations: a case of DNA repair XRCC1 gene.
A meta-analysis of gemcitabine biomarkers in patients with pancreaticobiliary cancers.
Motivational interviewing in medical care settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparing Haemophilus influenzae type b conjugate vaccine schedules: a systematic review and meta-analysis of vaccine trials.
Effectiveness of Haemophilus influenzae type b vaccines administered according to various schedules: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational data.
Topiramate for Tourette's syndrome in children: a meta-analysis.
Components associated with home visiting program outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Fundamental movement skill interventions in youth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for anxiety in children with high-functioning autism: a meta-analysis.
Avoiding endotracheal ventilation to prevent bronchopulmonary dysplasia: a meta-analysis.
Reliability of transcutaneous bilirubin devices in preterm infants: a systematic  review.
Does leukocyte-depleted blood cardioplegia reduce myocardial reperfusion injury in cardiac surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relation between intelligence and religiosity: a meta-analysis and some proposed explanations.
Multivariable confounding adjustment in distributed data networks without sharing of patient-level data.
µ-opioid receptor gene variant OPRM1 118 A>G: a summary of its molecular and clinical consequences for pain.
Genome-wide association study in NSAID-induced acute urticaria/angioedema in Spanish and Han Chinese populations.
Association of TNF-α polymorphism with prediction of response to TNF blockers in  spondyloarthritis and inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Anticoagulation control with daily low-dose vitamin k to reduce clinically adverse outcomes and international normalized ratio variability: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Developmental programming of growth: genetic variant in GH2 gene encoding placental growth hormone contributes to adult height determination.
Global burden of human mycetoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is cannabis neurotoxic for the healthy brain? A meta-analytical review of structural brain alterations in non-psychotic users.
The apple does not fall far from the tree, or does it? A meta-analysis of parent-child similarity in intergroup attitudes.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the efficacy and acceptability of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating major  depression.
Unstimulated cortisol secretory activity in everyday life and its relationship with fatigue and chronic fatigue syndrome: a systematic review and subset meta-analysis.
Pituitary gland volume in patients with schizophrenia, subjects at ultra high-risk of developing psychosis and healthy controls: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychological therapies for people with intellectual disabilities: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Benefits of early tracheotomy: a meta-analysis based on 6 observational studies.
Sensitivity and specificity of the Streptococcus pneumoniae urinary antigen test  for unconcentrated urine from adult patients with pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
The effect of TGF-β1 polymorphism on systemic sclerosis: a systematic review and  pooled analysis of available literature.
Association of the IRF5 rs2004640 polymorphism with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Do people with benign joint hypermobility syndrome (BJHS) have reduced joint proprioception? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adjunctive use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for schizophrenia: a meta-analytic investigation of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of recovery in schizophrenia.
Cerebral venous thrombosis and thrombophilia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sexual behaviours and associated risks in Chinese young people: a meta-analysis.
HPV vaccine acceptability among men: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of continuous positive airway pressure therapy on systemic inflammation in obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of text messaging-based interventions for health promotion: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and equity impacts of town-wide cycling initiatives in England: a longitudinal, controlled natural experimental study.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of antecedents of blood donation behavior and intentions.
Comparison of pitching kinematics between youth and adult baseball pitchers: a meta-analytic approach.
Effects of exercise training on arterial function in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of exercise training on airway hyperreactivity in asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Migraine and hemorrhagic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Stroke unit care benefits patients with intracerebral hemorrhage: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Carotid plaque MRI and stroke risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of oral and gastrointestinal mucosal injury among patients receiving selected targeted agents: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of cytisine in helping smokers quit: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Who are at risk for thromboembolism after arthroplasty? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outpatient treatment of symptomatic pulmonary embolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Malaria and soil-transmitted intestinal helminth co-infection and its effect on anemia: a meta-analysis.
Short- and long-term outcomes after salvage liver transplantation versus primary  liver transplantation for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Comparing the diagnostic value of ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging for placenta accreta: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prenatal identification of invasive placentation using ultrasound: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transvaginal sonographic assessment of cervical length and wedging for predicting outcome of labor induction at term: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison among four tract dilation methods of percutaneous nephrolithotomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the correlation between chronic cerebrospinal venous insufficiency and multiple sclerosis.
Atlantoaxial fusion with transarticular screws: meta-analysis and review of the literature.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of nonpharmacological interventions for fatigue in children and adolescents with cancer.
Influence of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism on the risk of lung cancer and the clinical response to platinum-based chemotherapy for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: an updated meta-analysis.
Cyclooxygenase-2 polymorphisms and susceptibility to colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of needle-knife treatment on cervical spondylosis].
[Routine western medicine treatment plus qishen yiqi dripping pill for treating patients with chronic heart failure: a systematic review of randomized control trials].
[Distribution of the of nosocomial infection pathogens among general hospital in  China: a Meta analysis].
[Meta-analysis on the co-morbidity rate between tuberculosis and diabetes mellitus in China].
[Transperitoneal versus extraperitoneal laparoscopic radical prostatectomy for localized prostate cancer: a meta analysis].
[A meta-analysis on short and long term efficacy and safety of procedure for prolapse and hemorrhoids].
[Effect of chewing gum on the promotion of intestinal function recovery after colorectal surgery: a meta-analysis].
[Safety and feasibility of early oral feeding after gastrectomy: a meta-analysis].
[Prognosis of patients with early enteral nutrition after gastrointestinal operation: a meta-analysis].
Progestogen for preventing miscarriage.
Insulin therapy contributes to the increased risk of colorectal cancer in diabetes patients: a meta-analysis.
Domestic asbestos exposure: a review of epidemiologic and exposure data.
Meta-analysis to compare the accuracy of GeneXpert, MODS and the WHO 2007 algorithm for diagnosis of smear-negative pulmonary tuberculosis.
Intrauterine insemination versus fallopian tube sperm perfusion for non-tubal infertility.
MicroRNA expression profiling studies on bronchopulmonary dysplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of cardiac events with coronary artery disease detected by 64-slice or greater coronary CT angiography: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
PFO closure vs. medical therapy in cryptogenic stroke or transient ischemic attack: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of calcium or vitamin D supplementation on vascular outcomes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Moving beyond transition outcomes: meta-analysis of remission rates in individuals at high clinical risk for psychosis.
No association between AKT1 gene variants and schizophrenia: a Malaysian case-control study and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between TNFα rs1800629 polymorphism and schizophrenia risk: a meta-analysis.
The effect of fall prevention exercise programmes on fall induced injuries in community dwelling older adults: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Influenza vaccines in immunosuppressed adults with cancer.
The relationship between pre-eclampsia and peripartum cardiomyopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of blood triglycerides on cardiovascular and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 61 prospective studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of acute stroke unit care: what's beyond the statistical significance?
Restrictive vs liberal transfusion for upper gastrointestinal bleeding: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of probiotics on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus carries a risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association of HLA-DRB1 with rheumatoid arthritis in Chinese populations.
Strategies to improve adherence and acceptability of hormonal methods of contraception.
Which placebo to cure depression? A thought-provoking network meta-analysis.
The associations between the Val158Met in the catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) gene and the risk of uterine leiomyoma (ULM).
Association of inflammatory factors with occurrence and recurrence of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Benefits and risks of additional ablation of complex fractionated atrial electrograms for patients with atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and effectiveness of seasonal and pandemic A (H1N1) 2009 influenza vaccines in low and middle income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety of 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine in infants and children: meta-analysis of 13 clinical trials in 9 countries.
Meta-analysis of molecular response of kidney to ischemia reperfusion injury for  the identification of new candidate genes.
Comparative effectiveness of renin-angiotensin system blockers and other antihypertensive drugs in patients with diabetes: systematic review and bayesian  network meta-analysis.
Association of -238G/A and -863C/A polymorphisms in the TNF-α gene with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease based on a meta-analysis.
Adjuvant zoledronic acid therapy for patients with early stage breast cancer: an  updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between influenza vaccination and cardiovascular outcomes in high-risk patients: a meta-analysis.
Bariatric surgery versus non-surgical treatment for obesity: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
[Laparoscopic conservative surgery plus gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist in the treatment of endometriosis: a meta-analysis].
Alpha-fetoprotein-L3 in hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Pegylated liposomal doxorubicin for first-line treatment of epithelial ovarian cancer.
Risk factors for intra-abdominal hypertension and abdominal compartment syndrome  among adult intensive care unit patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of entecavir and lamivudine for hepatitis B decompensated cirrhosis: meta-analysis.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor gene polymorphisms in inflammatory bowel disease: an association study in New Zealand Caucasians and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of tofacitinib in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Enhanced care by generalists for functional somatic symptoms and disorders in primary care.
Interleukin-1β +3954 polymorphisms and risk of external apical root resorption in orthodontic treatment: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of lanthanum carbonate on chronic kidney disease-mineral and  bone disorder in dialysis patients: a systematic review.
Non-invasive versus invasive respiratory support in preterm infants at birth: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Two polymorphisms (rs699947, rs2010963) in the VEGFA gene and diabetic retinopathy: an updated meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of ventricular premature complexes and their relation to cardiac mortality in general populations.
Meta-analysis of cilostazol versus aspirin for the secondary prevention of stroke.
Lifestyle interventions for patients with and at risk for type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Integrative genomics analysis identifies candidate drivers at 3q26-29 amplicon in squamous cell carcinoma of the lung.
Influence of interleukin-6 gene -174G>C polymorphism on development of atherosclerosis: a meta-analysis of 50 studies involving 33,514 subjects.
Prognostic value of epidermal growth factor receptor in patients with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphism of angiotensinogen gene M235T in myocardial infarction and brain infarction: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis demonstrates lack of an association of microsomal epoxide hydrolase 1 polymorphisms with esophageal cancer risk.
Association between physical activity and mortality in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Promising biomarkers for predicting the outcomes of patients with KRAS wild-type  metastatic colorectal cancer treated with anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibodies: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Associations of Lys939Gln and Ala499Val polymorphisms of the XPC gene with cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the role of statins on renal outcomes in patients with chronic kidney disease. Is the duration of therapy important?
Long-term outcomes of percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting and coronary artery bypass graft surgery - a meta-analysis.
Long-term outcomes of biodegradable polymer versus durable polymer drug-eluting stents in patients with diabetes a pooled analysis of individual patient data from 3 randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of stroke after transradial versus transfemoral artery catheterization.
Coronary artery bypass grafting with minimal versus conventional extracorporeal circulation; an economic analysis.
Minimally invasive direct coronary artery bypass reduces the need for repeated revascularization at long-term follow-up compared with stenting: a meta-analysis.
Chocolate intake reduces risk of cardiovascular disease: evidence from 10 observational studies.
Outcomes after complete versus incomplete revascularization of patients with multivessel coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of 89,883 patients enrolled  in randomized clinical trials and observational studies.
Role of aspiration and mechanical thrombectomy in patients with acute myocardial  infarction undergoing primary angioplasty: an updated meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Serum inflammatory markers in obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Gabapentin and pregabalin in the management of postoperative pain after lumbar spinal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Collaborative care for patients with depression and diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Combined effect of obesity and cardio-metabolic abnormality on the risk of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Meta-analysis of the outcome of patients with low gradient severe aortic stenosis and preserved left ventricular ejection fraction.
Drug eluting balloon versus drug eluting stent in percutaneous coronary interventions: insights from a meta-analysis of 1462 patients.
A meta-analysis of using a stent-based strategy for chronic total coronary occlusions recanalization: effects of length of follow-up on clinical outcomes.
Impact of baseline prehypertension on cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality in the general population: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Psoriasis and risk of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
SSRIs versus exercise training for depression in chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Can we predict which patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction benefit most from radial access? Evidence from frequentist and Bayesian meta-regressions  of randomized trials.
Underrepresentation of peripheral artery disease in modern cardiovascular trials: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relation of body mass index to bleeding events among patients with percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Effect of calcium-based versus non-calcium-based phosphate binders on mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
SOD2 gene Val16Ala polymorphism is associated with macroalbuminuria in Mexican type 2 diabetes patients: a comparative study and meta-analysis.
Micronutrient supplementation for children with HIV infection.
Retention versus sacrifice of the posterior cruciate ligament in total knee arthroplasty for treating osteoarthritis.
Poly (AT) deletion/insertion polymorphism of the XPC gene contributes to urinary  system cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between the Pro12Ala polymorphism of PPAR-γ gene and the non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 polymorphisms and differentiated thyroid carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene: three well-characterized polymorphisms with ischemic stroke.
Secretoglobin 1A member 1 (SCGB1A1) +38A/G polymorphism is associated with asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis: neoadjuvant chemotherapy versus primary surgery in ovarian carcinoma FIGO stageIII and IV.
Influence of CYP2C9 and VKORC1 genotypes on the risk of hemorrhagic complications in warfarin-treated patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fish oil increase the risk of recurrent atrial fibrillation: result from a meta-analysis.
Paclitaxel-coated balloon or primary bare nitinol stent for revascularization of  femoropopliteal artery: a meta-analysis of randomized trials versus uncoated balloon and an adjusted indirect comparison.
Intra-aortic balloon pump in high-risk percutaneous coronary interventions without cardiogenic shock: trial sequential analysis of outcomes.
Percutaneous closure of patent foramen ovale for cryptogenic stroke: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The "smoker's paradox" in Asian versus non-Asian patients with percutaneous coronary intervention longer than 6 months follow-up: a collaborative meta-analysis with the ET-CHD registry.
The natural history of coronary calcification: a meta-analysis from St Francis and EBEAT trials.
Early valve replacement for aortic stenosis irrespective of symptoms results in better clinical survival: a meta-analysis of the current evidence.
Choosing the best first line oral drug agent in patients with pulmonary hypertension: evidence from a network meta-analysis.
Drugs for attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder do not increase the mid-term risk of sudden death in children: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Relation of body mass index to mortality among patients with percutaneous coronary intervention longer than 5 years follow-up: a meta-analysis.
Early dual versus mono antiplatelet therapy for acute non-cardioembolic ischemic  stroke or transient ischemic attack: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin B supplementation, homocysteine levels, and the risk of cerebrovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of long-acting bronchodilators for COPD: a network meta-analysis.
Endoscopic ultrasound elastography for differentiating between pancreatic adenocarcinoma and inflammatory masses: a meta-analysis.
Effects of vitamin D receptor polymorphisms on urolithiasis risk: a meta-analysis.
Transdermal fentanyl for cancer pain.
Blood pressure lowering and major cardiovascular events in people with and without chronic kidney disease: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Ivabradine significantly improves cardiac function in patients with ischemic heart disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Drug-eluting balloons for coronary artery disease: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Early surgery reduces mortality in patients with infective endocarditis: insight  from a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of programmed ventricular stimulation in Brugada syndrome according to clinical presentation: an updated meta-analysis of worldwide published data.
Mid-term prognostic value of coronary artery disease in patients undergoing transcatheter aortic valve implantation: a meta-analysis of adjusted observational results.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha polymorphisms and rheumatic heart disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Benefits and risks of long-term duration of dual antiplatelet therapy after drug-eluting stenting: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Diagnostic accuracy of 320-slice computed tomography angiography for detection of coronary artery stenosis: meta-analysis.
Role of psoriasis as independent predictor of cardiovascular disease: a meta-regression analysis.
Comprehensive meta-analysis of radial vs femoral approach in primary angioplasty  for STEMI.
Moxibustion in the management of irritable bowel syndrome: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of matrix metalloproteinase family and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Is general anaesthesia for caesarean section associated with postpartum haemorrhage? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
System evaluation on reamed and non-reamed intramedullary nailing in the treatment of closed tibial fracture.
Meta-analysis of percutaneous coronary intervention versus coronary artery bypass graft surgery in patients with diabetes and left main and/or multivessel coronary artery disease.
Association between type 2 diabetes and rs10811661 polymorphism upstream of CDKN2A/B: a meta-analysis.
The epidemiology of substance use among street children in resource-constrained settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: antibiotic therapy for small intestinal bacterial overgrowth.
Meta-analysis: underutilisation and disparities of treatment among patients with  hepatocellular carcinoma in the United States.
Meta-analysis: comparison of oral vs. intravenous proton pump inhibitors in patients with peptic ulcer bleeding.
Meta-analysis: the safety and efficacy of dilation in eosinophilic oesophagitis.
Non-infarct-related artery revascularization during primary percutaneous coronary intervention for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Ultrafiltration versus intravenous diuretic therapy to treat acute heart failure: a systematic review.
Breastfeeding and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Sugar-sweetened beverages and weight gain in children and adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dairy products and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Whole grain and body weight changes in apparently healthy adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Biphasic versus monophasic defibrillation in out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Quantifying the dose-response relationship between circulating folate concentrations and colorectal cancer in cohort studies: a meta-analysis based on  a flexible meta-regression model.
Efficacy of pharmacological therapies for the treatment of opioid-induced constipation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acute gastroenteritis and the risk of functional dyspepsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Common polymorphic deletion of glutathione S-transferase theta predisposes to acquired aplastic anemia: Independent cohort and meta-analysis of 609 patients.
Drug-eluting stents versus bare-metal stents in patients with decreased GFR: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of massage on preterm infants: a meta-analysis.
Bone-patellar tendon-bone autograft versus allograft in outcomes of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a meta-analysis of 5182 patients.
What is the impact of hypogammaglobulinemia on the rate of infections and survival in solid organ transplantation? A meta-analysis.
[Update on preemptive analgesia : options and limits of preoperative pain therapy].
Epidural injections for spinal pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis evaluating the "control" injections in randomized controlled trials.
Risk-benefit profile of long-term dual- versus single-antiplatelet therapy among  patients with ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mediterranean diet, stroke, cognitive impairment, and depression: A meta-analysis.
The impact of the granulocyte colony-stimulating factor on chemotherapy dose intensity and cancer survival: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors for the treatment of secondary Raynaud's phenomenon: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
A meta-analysis of the effect of prophylactic central compartment neck dissection on locoregional recurrence rates in patients with papillary thyroid cancer.
Meta-analysis of patients taking statins before revascularization and aortic valve surgery.
Endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspiration in the mediastinal staging of non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of linezolid and daptomycin for treatment of  vancomycin-resistant enterococcal bloodstream infections.
Meta-analysis of intermittent Pringle manoeuvre versus no Pringle manoeuvre in elective liver surgery.
Cytochrome CYP2C19 polymorphism and risk of adverse clinical events in clopidogrel-treated patients: a meta-analysis based on 23,035 subjects.
Induced abortion rate in Iran: a meta-analysis.
Biomechanical deviations during level walking associated with knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Allele-dose association of the C5orf30 rs26232 variant with joint damage in rheumatoid arthritis.
Consumption of plant sterol-enriched foods and effects on plasma plant sterol concentrations--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Association between MTHFR gene polymorphisms and the risk of autism spectrum disorders: a meta-analysis.
The association between silica exposure and development of ANCA-associated vasculitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pre-eclampsia is associated with, and preceded by, hypertriglyceridaemia: a meta-analysis.
The effect of endometriosis on in vitro fertilisation outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relative effectiveness of robot-assisted and standard laparoscopic prostatectomy  as alternatives to open radical prostatectomy for treatment of localised prostate cancer: a systematic review and mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic liver resection as a safe and efficacious alternative to open resection for colorectal liver metastasis: a meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of exercise and drug interventions on mortality outcomes: metaepidemiological study.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of changes in cognitive functioning in adults undergoing hematopoietic cell transplantation.
Ultrasound compared with nerve stimulation guidance for peripheral nerve catheter placement: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
HIV and HPV infections and ocular surface squamous neoplasia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of vitamin B6, vitamin B12 and methionine with risk of breast cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association of dermatomyositis and polymyositis with cancer.
Plant extracts for the topical management of psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Effect of probiotic fermented milk on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Very-low-carbohydrate ketogenic diet v. low-fat diet for long-term weight loss: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Calcium supplements and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between diabetes mellitus  and incidence and mortality in breast and colorectal cancer.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of population-based mortality from ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Epilepsy, hippocampal sclerosis and febrile seizures linked by common genetic variation around SCN1A.
A meta-analysis of treating acute traumatic brain injury with calcium channel blockers.
Blood levels of vitamin D and early stage breast cancer prognosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of dabigatran compared with warfarin for patients undergoing  radiofrequency catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Antidepressant prophylaxis reduces depression risk but does not improve sustained virological response in hepatitis C interferon recipients without depression at baseline: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Circulating C-peptide level is a predictive factor for colorectal neoplasia: evidence from the meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Assessing the relative effectiveness and tolerability of treatments in small cell lung cancer: a network meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of pigmentary characteristics, sun sensitivity, freckling and melanocytic nevi and risk of basal cell carcinoma of the skin.
The impact of chemokine receptor CXCR4 on breast cancer prognosis: a meta-analysis.
The risk of cancer development in systemic sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Influence of ABCB1 genetic variants in breast cancer treatment outcomes.
Which is false: oxaliplatin or fluoropyrimidine? An analysis of patients with KRAS wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer treated with first-line epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody.
Effects of exercise in patients treated with stem cell transplantation for a hematologic malignancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies reporting early outcomes after robot-assisted radical cystectomy versus open radical cystectomy.
Risk of serious atrial fibrillation and stroke with use of bisphosphonates: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Liuwei dihuang pills enhance the effect of Western medicine in treating type 2 diabetes: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparing minimally invasive and open transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion for  treatment of degenerative lumbar disease: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of unipedicular and bipedicular percutaneous kyphoplasty for treating  osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures: a meta-analysis.
Sex-related differences in outcomes after transcatheter aortic valve implantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Levels and changes of HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I in relation to risk  of cardiovascular events among statin-treated patients: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of bladder tumor fibronectin in patients with bladder tumor: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
The accuracy of the anti-α-fodrin antibody test for diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Biomechanical characteristics of peripheral diabetic neuropathy: A systematic review and meta-analysis of findings from the gait cycle, muscle activity and dynamic barefoot plantar pressure.
Efficacy and durability of radiofrequency ablation for Barrett's Esophagus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-regression of temporal trends in adult CD4(+) cell count at presentation to HIV care, 1992-2011.
Homocysteine-lowering therapy with folic acid is effective in cardiovascular disease prevention in patients with kidney disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Thyroid gland invasion in total laryngectomy and total laryngopharyngectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the English literature.
The relationship between fluticasone furoate systemic exposure and cortisol suppression.
The effectiveness of aquatic physical therapy in the treatment of fibromyalgia: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of an ankle-foot orthosis on  gait biomechanics after stroke.
Systemic corticosteroid for COPD exacerbations, whether the higher dose is better? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effectiveness of tofacitinib, a novel Janus kinase inhibitor, in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evaluation of antiplatelet agents for secondary prevention of stroke using mixed  treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Prophylactic midazolam and clonidine for emergence from agitation in children after emergence from sevoflurane anesthesia: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of perampanel in the treatment of partial-onset epilepsy.
Association between EXOC3L2 rs597668 polymorphism and Alzheimer's disease.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy versus faecal occult blood testing for colorectal cancer screening in asymptomatic individuals.
Breathing exercises for adults with asthma.
Acupuncture for lumbar spinal stenosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Response of neotropical bat assemblages to human land use.
Antitumor necrosis factor therapy is associated with improved survival in clinical sepsis trials: a meta-analysis.
Risk of hematologic toxicities in patients with solid tumors treated with everolimus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mismatch repair status and clinical outcome in endometrial cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anti-thymocyte globulins for post-transplant graft-versus-host disease prophylaxis-A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of polymorphisms in the MCP-1 and CCR2 genes with the risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
The association between anxiety disorders and suicidal behaviors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The potential risks of pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer with GLP-1-based therapies are far outweighed by the proven and potential (cardiovascular) benefits.
Sulphonylureas and risk of cardiovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sleep-disordered breathing and gestational diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of  9,795 participants enrolled in epidemiological observational studies.
Secretion of glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide in patients with type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical studies.
AdipoQ polymorphisms are associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis study.
Cardiovascular safety of sulfonylureas: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Impact of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol on cardiovascular outcomes in people with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Intensity of peri-operative glycemic control and postoperative outcomes in patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Vascular smooth muscle function in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Pleiotropic effects of obesity-susceptibility loci on metabolic traits: a meta-analysis of up to 37,874 individuals.
Aging, antiretrovirals, and adherence: a meta analysis of adherence among older HIV-infected individuals.
[Importance and evidence of regular physical activity for prevention and treatment of diseases].
The CTLA4 +49A/G polymorphism is associated with an increased risk of Hashimoto's thyroiditis in Asian but not Caucasian populations: an updated meta-analysis.
Predicting lymph node metastasis in pT1 colorectal cancer: a systematic review of risk factors providing rationale for therapy decisions.
Geographically selective assortment of cycles in pandemics: meta-analysis of data collected by Chizhevsky.
A meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies on gray matter volume alteration in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy.
Adherence to cardiovascular therapy: a meta-analysis of prevalence and clinical consequences.
Preoperative chemo(radio)therapy versus primary surgery for gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma: systematic review with meta-analysis combining individual patient and aggregate data.
Long-term survival in video-assisted thoracoscopic lobectomy vs open lobectomy in lung-cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of complication as a risk factor for early ambulation after percutaneous coronary intervention.
Statins are associated with reduced risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: eradication of Helicobacter pylori infection is associated with the development of endoscopic gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Positive ratio of specific antibodies to F protein in serum samples from chronic  HCV-infected patients using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between CD14-159C>T polymorphisms and the risk for alcoholic liver disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of telomere length in 19,713 subjects reveals high heritability, stronger maternal inheritance and a paternal age effect.
Somatostatin receptor PET/CT in neuroendocrine tumours: update on systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intrarater and interrater reliability for measurements in videofluoroscopy of swallowing.
Diagnostic accuracy of dual-source CT coronary angiography in patients with atrial fibrillation: meta analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of serotonin transporter genotype and discontinuation from antidepressant treatment.
A meta-analysis of clinical therapeutic effect of insulin glargine and insulin detemir for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Anterior versus posterior approach for treatment of thoracolumbar burst fractures: a meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of interrupted dabigatran for peri-procedural anticoagulation in catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of dabigatran etexilate during catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Digit ratio (2D:4D) and male facial attractiveness: new data and a meta-analysis.
Rs290487 of TCF7L2 gene is not associated with type 2 diabetes in Chinese Han population: a case control study and meta-analysis.
Low-glycaemic index diets in the management of blood lipids: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
The role of K-ras gene mutation analysis in EUS-guided FNA cytology specimens for the differential diagnosis of pancreatic solid masses: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Ethnic differences in CAPN10 SNP-19 in type 2 diabetes: a North-West Indian case  control study and evidence from meta-analysis.
Associations of interleukin-4 receptor gene polymorphisms (Q551R, I50V) with rheumatoid arthritis: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The OGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and the risk of esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effects of OPRM1 A118G polymorphism on epidural analgesia with fentanyl during labor: a meta-analysis.
Genetic associations with hypertension: meta-analyses of six candidate genetic variants.
CYP1A1 gene polymorphisms and polycystic ovary syndrome risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Association of p53 Arg72Pro polymorphism with esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis  based on 14 case-control studies.
Association of statin use with risk of dementia: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Oral contraceptive pills for endometriosis after conservative surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the rs7903146 polymorphism in transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) gene with gestational diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of vascular endothelial growth factor in patients with head and  neck cancer: A meta-analysis.
Caffeine does not increase the risk of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
B-type natriuretic peptide-guided chronic heart failure therapy: a meta-analysis  of 11 randomised controlled trials.
Myocardial revascularisation in renal dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence of hepatitis C virus infection in patients on hemodialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of K-ras mutation for pancreatic carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of two types of digestive tract reconstruction modes after total gastrectomy.
Incidence and prevalence of hepatitis C in prisons and other closed settings: results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ten-year obesity and overweight prevalence in Greek children: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 2001-2010 data.
A meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies to identify novel loci for maximum number of alcoholic drinks.
The association between tumor necrosis factor alpha promoter polymorphisms and ankylosing spondylitis: a meta-analysis.
A systemic sclerosis and systemic lupus erythematosus pan-meta-GWAS reveals new shared susceptibility loci.
IVF outcomes in obese donor oocyte recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic literature review and meta-analysis of factors associated with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus colonization at time of hospital or intensive care unit admission.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of total intravenous anesthesia and endoscopic sinus surgery.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of asthma outcomes following endoscopic sinus surgery for chronic rhinosinusitis.
Cutaneous alpha, beta and gamma human papillomaviruses in relation to squamous cell carcinoma of the skin: a population-based study.
Relation of body mass index to mortality among patients with percutaneous coronary intervention in the drug-eluting stent era: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison between single-incision and conventional three-port laparoscopic appendectomy: a meta-analysis from eight RCTs.
Meta-analysis of the association between the XRCC1 gene R399Q polymorphism and colorectal cancer: an update.
Diagnostic performance of fluorine-18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography imaging in uterine sarcomas: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Evaluating the efficacy and safety of apixaban, a new oral anticoagulant, using Bayesian meta-analysis.
Neurocognitive impairment in HIV-1-infected adults in Sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment outcomes of human bartonellosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the BDNF G196A and C270T polymorphisms and Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of common mutations of SLC26A4 gene in Asian populations.
Frequency of anxiety after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Safety of cycloserine and terizidone for the treatment of drug-resistant tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of N-Acetylcysteine in preventing contrast-induced nephropathy  in patients undergoing contrast-enhanced computed tomography: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Prognostication of neurologic outcome in cardiac arrest patients after mild therapeutic hypothermia: a meta-analysis of the current literature.
Safe, stable, nurturing relationships as a moderator of intergenerational continuity of child maltreatment: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of Chinese herbal medicine as an adjunctive treatment for dilated cardiomyopathy in patients with heart failure.
The use of vitamin K supplementation to achieve INR stability: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term outcomes of artificial bowel sphincter for fecal incontinence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacological prevention of rocuronium-induced injection pain or withdrawal movements: a meta-analysis.
Duration of antibiotic treatment for acute pyelonephritis and septic urinary tract infection-- 7 days or less versus longer treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Apixaban and rivaroxaban decrease deep venous thrombosis but not other complications after total hip and total knee arthroplasty.
The use of preoperative erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs) in patients who  underwent knee or hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of pharmacological treatment of the symptoms  of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children with pervasive developmental disorders.
Genetic polymorphisms of vitamin D receptor and the risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open total gastrectomy with D2 dissection for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of nonestrogenic therapy to hot flashes in cancer patients under hormone manipulation therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
β-blocking agents for surgery: influence on mortality and major outcomes. A meta-analysis.
Renin-angiotensin system inhibitors prevent the recurrence of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Gene × smoking interactions on human brain gene expression: finding common mechanisms in adolescents and adults.
Oral bisphosphonates and the risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
High-resolution melting curve analysis for rapid detection of rifampin resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review evaluating cardiovascular events of the 5-alpha reductase inhibitor - Dutasteride.
Application of the STOPP/START criteria: a systematic review of the prevalence of potentially inappropriate prescribing in older adults, and evidence of clinical,  humanistic and economic impact.
Long-acting injectable versus oral antipsychotics in schizophrenia: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of mirror-image studies.
Estimating dopamine D₂ receptor occupancy for doses of 8 antipsychotics: a meta-analysis.
Placebo group improvement in trials of pharmacotherapies for alcohol use disorders: a multivariate meta-analysis examining change over time.
Substance use disorders and racial/ethnic minorities matter: a meta-analytic examination of the relation between alliance and outcome.
Tooth loss in aggressive periodontitis: a systematic review.
Endovascular aortic aneurysm repair in patients with hostile neck anatomy.
Socioeconomic position and incidence of gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of chronic care management for diabetes: investigating heterogeneity in outcomes.
Complete versus partial fundoplication in children with gastroesophageal reflux disease: results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Union rates after proximal scaphoid fractures; meta-analyses and review of available evidence.
Effect of physicians' gender on communication and consultation length: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Electrical stimulation therapy improves sleep respiratory parameters in obstructive sleep apnea syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Risk of hypertension in cancer patients treated with sorafenib: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antihypertensive drugs and the risk of fall injuries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Management of spinal tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of mud therapy on pain relief in patients with knee osteoarthritis: a  meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of probiotics and/or prebiotics for the prevention of eczema.
The nature of verbal memory impairment in multiple sclerosis: a list-learning and meta-analytic study.
Incidence of cardiovascular disease in individuals with psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of psychosocial interventions to reduce pain in patients with cancer].
Single-port versus conventional multiport laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and nonrandomized studies.
Laparoscopy-assisted versus open total gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Large-scale genotyping identifies a new locus at 22q13.2 associated with female breast size.
Statistical analysis of human papillomavirus in a subset of upper aerodigestive tract tumors.
Genetic association analysis of ITGB3 polymorphisms with age at onset of schizophrenia.
Genetic variants in the fat mass- and obesity-associated (FTO) gene are associated with alcohol dependence.
Chromosomal distribution of schizophrenia susceptibility loci.
Meta-analysis of APOE ε2/ε3/ε4 polymorphism and cerebral infarction.
Bevacizumab for macular edema secondary to retinal vein occlusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between foot type and lower extremity injuries: systematic literature review with meta-analysis.
The relation between pain-related fear and disability: a meta-analysis.
Primary somatosensory cortex function in complex regional pain syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of rapid-onset oral fentanyl formulations vs. oral morphine for cancer-related breakthrough pain: a meta-analysis of comparative trials.
Familial testicular torsion: a meta analysis suggests inheritance.
Practice-based interventions addressing concomitant depression and chronic medical conditions in the primary care setting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic modulation of borderline personality disorder: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Income and child mortality in developing countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of angiotensin II type-1 receptor A1166C gene polymorphism with the susceptibility of end-stage renal disease.
Meta-analyses indicate associations between neuroendocrine activation, deactivation in neurotrophic and neuroimaging markers in depression after stroke.
Balance of symptomatic pulmonary embolism and symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage with low-dose anticoagulation in recent ischemic stroke: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the effectiveness and safety of using tranexamic acid in primary unilateral total knee arthroplasty.
Prevention of postoperative atrial fibrillation in open heart surgery patients by preoperative supplementation of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: an updated meta-analysis.
Computed tomography-assessed right ventricular dysfunction and risk stratification of patients with acute non-massive pulmonary embolism: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Comparing newer oral anti-platelets prasugrel and ticagrelor in reduction of ischemic events-evidence from a network meta-analysis.
Treatment of constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome by focusing on the liver in terms of Traditional Chinese Medicine: a meta-analysis.
Safflower yellow injection combined with conventional therapy in treating unstable angina pectoris: a meta-analysis.
Optimal frequency of shock wave lithotripsy in urolithiasis treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Endovascular repair for ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm confers an early survival benefit over open repair.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of adjuvant interferon therapy after curative treatment for patients with viral hepatitis-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Effect of hepatitis C virus on immunological and virological responses in HIV-infected patients initiating highly active antiretroviral therapy: a meta-analysis.
Analysis of genome-wide association studies of Alzheimer disease and of Parkinson disease to determine if these 2 diseases share a common genetic risk.
Neurodevelopmental outcomes at 4 to 8 years of children born at 22 to 25 weeks' gestational age: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association of IL-6 polymorphism with rheumatoid arthritis/type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of survivin expression in patients with colorectal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Topical tranexamic acid in total knee replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the sub-vastus approach and medial parapatellar approach in total knee arthroplasty.
Diabetes and risk of physical disability in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinicopathological characteristics of posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorders of T-cell origin: single-center series of nine cases and meta-analysis  of 147 reported cases.
Lenalidomide versus thalidomide based regimens as first-line therapy for patients with multiple myeloma.
Endovascular therapy for acute ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Collaborative chronic care models for mental health conditions: cumulative meta-analysis and metaregression to guide future research and implementation.
Metabolic syndrome in people suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Antibiotic resistance patterns of Escherichia coli strains isolated from urine cultures in Turkey: a meta-analysis].
Can the incidence of accidental dural puncture in laboring women be reduced? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of interleukin gene polymorphisms on development of acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functional polymorphism rs4072037 in MUC1 gene contributes to the susceptibility  to gastric cancer: evidence from pooled 6,580 cases and 10,324 controls.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between glutathione S-transferase T1 null/presence gene polymorphism and the risk of lung cancer including 31802 subjects.
Association between CYP1A1 polymorphisms and esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Rs2200733 and rs10033464 on chromosome 4q25 confer risk of cardioembolic stroke:  an updated meta-analysis.
Association between interferon gamma +874 T>A polymorphism and acute renal allograft rejection: evidence from published studies.
Analyze association of the progesterone receptor gene polymorphism PROGINS with ovarian cancer risk.
Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) gene polymorphisms and risk of head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis involving 2,444 individuals.
Association of angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism with rheumatic heart disease in Indian population and meta-analysis.
The effect of vitamin D-related interventions on multiple sclerosis relapses: a meta-analysis.
Explaining temporal trends in annualised relapse rates in placebo groups of randomised controlled trials in relapsing multiple sclerosis: systematic review and meta-regression.
[Comparison of anterior chamber depth measured by anterior segment optical coherence tomography and ultrasound biomicroscopy: a meta-analysis].
Association between PARK16 and Parkinson's disease in the Han Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Mutations in GBA and risk of Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis based on 25 case-control studies.
Migraine and structural changes in the brain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Findings from published meta-analyses of effects of interventions aiming to reduce alcohol-impaired driving].
Prepregnancy obesity and the risk of birth defects: an update.
Effect of short-term administration of cinnamon on blood pressure in patients with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes.
Body mass index and risk of pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevention, management, and outcomes of macrosomia: a systematic review of literature and meta-analysis.
The validity of occupational performance assessments: a validity generalization meta-analysis.
Refractive errors and age-related macular degeneration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The age-related maculopathy susceptibility 2 polymorphism and polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy in Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
Relation between nasal carriage of Staphylococcus aureus and surgical site infection in orthopedic surgery: the role of nasal contamination. A systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
A tale of two RCTs: using randomized controlled trials to benchmark routine clinical (psychological) treatments for chronic pain.
Carbon dioxide insufflation during endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography: a review and meta-analysis.
The diagnostic utility of cerebrospinal fluid alpha-synuclein analysis in dementia with Lewy bodies - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of HIF-1α and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) risk.
Association between baseline fetal hemoglobin levels and incidence of severe vaso-occlusive pain episodes in children with sickle cell anemia.
An updated systematic review and meta-analysis of the predictive value of serum biomarkers in the assessment of fever during neutropenia in children with cancer.
Single-nucleotide polymorphism associations with preterm delivery: a case-control replication study and meta-analysis.
Bullied children and psychosomatic problems: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of fetal alcohol spectrum disorders in child care settings: a meta-analysis.
Robust association of the LPA locus with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol lowering response to statin treatment in a meta-analysis of 30 467 individuals from both randomized control trials and observational studies and association with coronary artery disease outcome during statin treatment.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of the effect of the donor and recipient CYP3A5 6986A>G genotype on tacrolimus dose requirements in liver transplantation.
Critical analysis of causality between negative ulnar variance and Kienböck disease.
Psychosocial interventions for perinatal common mental disorders delivered by providers who are not mental health specialists in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcomes of different health care contexts for direct transport to a trauma center versus initial secondary center care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effects of dropout prevention programs on school absenteeism.
Bipolar disorder and schizophrenia share a similar deficit in semantic inhibition: a meta-analysis based on Hayling Sentence Completion Test performance.
Association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and depression: An updated meta-analysis of 26 studies.
Genetic association studies between SNPs and suicidal behavior: a meta-analytical field synopsis.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of factors biasing the observed prevalence of congenitally missing teeth in permanent dentition excluding third molars.
The emerging evidence for long-term psychodynamic therapy.
Cognitive impairment in euthymic major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of age and skill effects on recalling chess positions and selecting the best move.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the impact of tuberculosis on health-related quality of life.
Patients who undergo preoperative chemoradiotherapy for locally advanced rectal cancer restaged by using diagnostic MR imaging: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association of angiotensin II type 1 receptor A1166C gene polymorphism with the risk of end-stage renal disease.
Procedural learning is impaired in dyslexia: evidence from a meta-analysis of serial reaction time studies.
Science and evidence: separating fact from fiction.
Predictors of poor neurological outcome in adult comatose survivors of cardiac arrest: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Part 2: Patients treated with therapeutic hypothermia.
Predictors of poor neurological outcome in adult comatose survivors of cardiac arrest: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Part 1: patients not treated with  therapeutic hypothermia.
Lamotrigine rechallenge after a skin rash. A combined study of open cases and a meta-analysis.
Is low-level laser therapy in relieving neck pain effective? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mindfulness interventions for psychosis: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and psychosis: mini meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the role of FVIII concentrates in inhibitor development in previously untreated patients with severe hemophilia a: a 2013 update.
Effectiveness of lifestyle interventions on obstructive sleep apnea (OSA): systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neuropsychological functioning after CPAP treatment in obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Epidemiology of childhood conduct problems in Brazil: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of psychological symptoms in contemporary Chinese rural-to-urban migrant workers: an exploratory meta-analysis of observational studies using the  SCL-90-R.
Changes of leptin concentration in plasma in patients with spinal cord injury: a  meta-analysis.
Efficacy of electrical stimulation for spinal fusion: a meta-analysis of fusion rate.
A meta-analysis of injuries in senior men's professional Rugby Union.
Increasing physical activity for the treatment of hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Smoking as a risk factor for stroke in women compared with men: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 81 cohorts, including 3,980,359 individuals and 42,401 strokes.
Water infusion versus air insufflation for colonoscopy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Timing of recurrent venous thromboembolism early after the index event: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of the use of heparin as thromboprophylaxis in patients with  liver cirrhosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations of Helicobacter pylori infection and cytotoxin-associated gene A status with autoimmune thyroid diseases: a meta-analysis.
A common biological basis of obesity and nicotine addiction.
Comprehensive assessment of the association between DNA repair gene XRCC3 rs861539 C/T polymorphism and lung cancer risk.
Association between cytochrome P450 1A1 MspI polymorphism and endometrial cancer  risk: a meta-analysis.
P53 codon 72 Arg/Pro polymorphism and glioma risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of cyclooxygenase-2 in osteosarcoma: a meta-analysis.
Clinicopathological significance of hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha polymorphisms in cancers: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Association between X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 Arg194Trp polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk.
Myeloperoxidase G463A polymorphism and lung cancer risk in Asians: a pooled analysis.
DNA repair gene XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma risk.
GSTT1 and GSTM1 polymorphisms and prostate cancer risk in Asians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
P53 codon 72 Arg/Pro polymorphism and lung cancer risk in Asians: an updated meta-analysis.
Lack of association between vitamin D receptor gene FokI and BsmI polymorphisms and prostate cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis involving 21,756 subjects.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 null genotype is associated with increased risk of oral cancer in East Asians: a meta-analysis.
Association between XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism and hepatitis virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma risk in Asian population.
Serum neuron-specific enolase levels were associated with the prognosis of small  cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Role of genetic variants of deleted in colorectal carcinoma (DCC) polymorphisms and esophageal and gastric cancers risk in Kashmir Valley and meta-analysis.
Association between MTHFR 677C>T polymorphism and risk of gliomas: evidence from  a meta-analysis.
Significant association between Nijmegen breakage syndrome 1 657del5 polymorphism and breast cancer risk.
The polymorphisms in the MGMT gene and the risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
LEP gene variant is associated with prostate cancer but not with colorectal cancer.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of cytochrome P450 2C19 gene polymorphisms and digestive tract cancer risk.
The associations between the polymorphisms of the ER-α gene and the risk of uterine leiomyoma (ULM).
Association between the XRCC3 C241T polymorphism and lung cancer risk in the Asian population.
Association between NQO1 C609T polymorphism and bladder cancer susceptibility: a  systemic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of VEGF immunohistochemical expression in oral cancer: a  meta-analysis of the literature.
XRCC1 codon 280 polymorphism and susceptibility to lung cancer: a meta-analysis of the literatures.
P53 codon 72 polymorphism and lung cancer risk: evidence from 27,958 subjects.
Associations between three XRCC1 polymorphisms and glioma risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between insulin receptor substrate 1 Gly972Arg polymorphism and cancer risk.
Association between glutathione S-transferase T1 null genotype and risk of myelodysplastic syndromes: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
C282Y polymorphism in the HFE gene is associated with risk of breast cancer.
X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 Arg194Trp polymorphism is associated with increased risk of lung cancer in Chinese Han population.
CYP2A6 deletion polymorphism is associated with decreased susceptibility of lung  cancer in Asian smokers: a meta-analysis.
Association between MTHFR Ala222Val (rs1801133) polymorphism and bladder cancer susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
XRCC1 polymorphisms increase bladder cancer risk in Asians: a meta-analysis.
CYP17A1 T-34C polymorphism is not associated with endometrial cancer risk.
Performance of imaging modalities in the diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of transthoracic echocardiography for patent foramen ovale: a meta-analysis.
Nuchal translucency and major congenital heart defects in fetuses with normal karyotype: a meta-analysis.
Capsular invasion in renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
One-shot versus gradual dilation technique for tract creation in percutaneous nephrolithotomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the prevalence of mucosal and cutaneous human papillomavirus types.
Glue versus suture fixation of mesh during open repair of inguinal hernias: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gender differences in benign renal masses.
[Effect of continuous passive motion for cartilage regenerative surgery - a systematic literature review].
[Comparison of hand-assisted laparoscopic surgery and open surgery for portal hypertension: a meta-analysis].
[Comparison of recurrence and complication by different thyroidectomy in the treatment of differentiated thyroid carcinoma as initial treatment: a meta-analysis].
[Shang Ring circumcision versus conventional circumcision for redundant prepuce or phimosis: a meta analysis].
[A Meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy on allergic asthma].
[A Meta-analysis of alendronate for the prevention and treatment of glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis].
[Prophylatic antibiotic use in percutaneous nephrolithotomy: a meta-analysis].
[Systemic review of the safety and efficacy of fast-track surgery combined with laparoscopy in radical gastrectomy for gastric cancer].
Physical training for asthma.
Orthodontic treatment for prominent lower front teeth (Class III malocclusion) in children.
Meta-analysis of everolimus-eluting stents versus first-generation drug-eluting stents in patients with left main coronary artery undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
A meta-analysis comparing observed 30-day all-cause mortality with the Society of Thoracic Surgeons Predicted Risk of Mortality in contemporary studies using Valve Academic Research Consortium definitions.
Network meta-analyses and mixed treatment comparisons: are they true scientific endeavors?
320-row computed tomography coronary angiography vs. conventional coronary angiography in patients with suspected coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intracoronary abciximab reduces death and major adverse cardiovascular events in  acute coronary syndromes: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Peripheral artery disease and outcomes after myocardial infarction: an individual-patient meta-analysis of 28,771 patients in CAPRICORN, EPEHESUS, OPTIMAAL and VALIANT.
Early intravenous beta-blockers in patients with acute coronary syndrome--a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Reduced N-acetylaspartate in the hippocampus in patients with fibromyalgia: a meta-analysis.
Social cognition in first-degree relatives of people with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Multivariate meta-analysis of mixed outcomes: a Bayesian approach.
Correlates of physician burnout across regions and specialties: a meta-analysis.
Candidate microRNA biomarkers of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: meta-analysis, experimental validation and clinical significance.
Helicobacter pylori infection and esophageal cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Difference in blood pressure response to ACE-Inhibitor monotherapy between black  and white adults with arterial hypertension: a meta-analysis of 13 clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of gene coexpression networks in the post-mortem prefrontal cortex  of patients with schizophrenia and unaffected controls.
Genetic variants associated with fasting glucose and insulin concentrations in an ethnically diverse population: results from the Population Architecture using Genomics and Epidemiology (PAGE) study.
Vitamin D supplementation and mortality risk in chronic kidney disease: a meta-analysis of 20 observational studies.
Methionine synthase A2756G polymorphism and breast cancer risk: an up-to-date meta-analysis.
Three common functional polymorphisms in microRNA encoding genes in the susceptibility to hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CRP, IL-6 and depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Interventions for promoting habitual exercise in people living with and beyond cancer.
Blocking malaria transmission to Anopheles mosquitoes using artemisinin derivatives and primaquine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis and systematic review: adjuvant interferon therapy for patients with viral hepatitis-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of flow cytometry in urinary tract infection  screening.
Pleural ultrasonography versus chest radiography for the diagnosis of pneumothorax: review of the literature and meta-analysis.
An A/G polymorphism rs3746444 in miR-499 is associated with increased cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Significantly association of diabetes mellitus with CTLA-4 gene polymorphisms based on a meta-analysis of epidemiological evidence in Asians and non-Asians.
Association of the G403A polymorphism in the RANTES gene with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Genetic variant in fat mass and obesity-associated gene associated with type 2 diabetes risk in Han Chinese.
Global association of air pollution and heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between vitamin D and hepatitis C virus infection: a meta-analysis.
Exercise for lower limb osteoarthritis: systematic review incorporating trial sequential analysis and network meta-analysis.
Drug-eluting balloons for peripheral artery disease: a meta-analysis of 7 randomized clinical trials and 643 patients.
Drug-eluting balloons for coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Flow-mediated dilation and cardiovascular risk prediction: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Head-up tilt testing for diagnosing vasovagal syncope: a meta-analysis.
Association of the interleukin-28B gene polymorphism with development of hepatitis virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma and liver cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Lycopene supplement and blood pressure: an updated meta-analysis of intervention  trials.
Determining the noninfectious complications of indwelling urethral catheters: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of smoking on comparative efficacy of antiplatelet agents: systematic review, meta-analysis, and indirect comparison.
Meta-analysis of agreement between MRI and pathologic breast tumour size after neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Multiethnic meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in >100 000 subjects identifies 23 fibrinogen-associated Loci but no strong evidence of a causal association between circulating fibrinogen and cardiovascular disease.
Effectiveness of group medical visits for improving diabetes care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of the predictive value of carotid plaque hemorrhage on cerebrovascular events by magnetic resonance imaging.
[Effects of gastric versus small bowel feeding on hospital acquired pneumonia in  critically ill patients: a meta-analysis].
Apolipoprotein M T-778C polymorphism is associated with serum lipid levels and the risk of coronary artery disease in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
The effects of pregnancy intention on the use of antenatal care services: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of mortality and major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events following transcatheter aortic valve implantation versus surgical aortic valve replacement for severe aortic stenosis.
Evidence on vulnerability and susceptibility to health risks associated with short-term exposure to particulate matter: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of oxidative stress in schizophrenia.
Are glutathione S-transferase polymorphisms (GSTM1, GSTT1) associated with primary open angle glaucoma? A meta-analysis.
GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: an updated analysis.
Meta-analyses of HFE variants in coronary heart disease.
Meta-analysis of microRNA-183 family expression in human cancer studies comparing cancer tissues with noncancerous tissues.
The association of IL1α and IL1β polymorphisms with susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study of primary tooth eruption identifies pleiotropic loci associated with height and craniofacial distances.
Patterns of persistent genital human papillomavirus infection among women worldwide: a literature review and meta-analysis.
Intrathecal oligoclonal IgG synthesis in multiple sclerosis.
The efficacy and safety of aspirin plus dipyridamole versus aspirin in secondary  prevention following TIA or stroke: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of high-protein diets on body weight, glycaemic control, blood lipids and blood pressure in type 2 diabetes: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Gamma knife surgery for patients with volumetric classification of nonfunctioning pituitary adenomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and tolerability of 15 antipsychotic drugs in schizophrenia: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
Socioeconomic development as an intervention against malaria: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Induction of clinical response and remission of inflammatory bowel disease by use of herbal medicines: a meta-analysis.
Supported employment for adults with severe mental illness.
The effect of HLA on immunological response to hepatitis B vaccine in healthy people: a meta-analysis.
Different combined oral contraceptives and the risk of venous thrombosis: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Exercise for depression.
Vitamin D intake and risk of type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Prevalence of arterial hypertension among Brazilian adolescents: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions for protecting renal function in the perioperative period.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on the efficacy and safety of intracoronary administration of tirofiban for no-reflow phenomenon.
Physiotherapy versus placebo or no intervention in Parkinson's disease.
Association of glutathione S-transferase polymorphisms (GSTM1 and GSTT1) with primary open-angle glaucoma: an evidence-based meta-analysis.
Association of ERCC1-C118T and -C8092A polymorphisms with lung cancer risk and survival of advanced-stage non-small cell lung cancer patients receiving platinum-based chemotherapy: a pooled analysis based on 39 reports.
Association of the macrophage migration inhibitory factor gene--173G/C polymorphism with inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis of 4296 subjects.
Genetic variants in TERT-CLPTM1L genetic region associated with several types of  cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of genetic polymorphisms in ADH and ALDH2 with risk of coronary artery disease and myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Overview of telmisartan for blood pressure reduction among angiotensin II receptor blockers: a meta-analysis of head-to-head randomized trials.
Magnesium intake and cardiovascular disease mortality: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
A meta-analysis of randomized head-to-head trials of telmisartan versus other angiotensin II receptor blocker in combination with hydrochlorothiazide for reduction of blood pressure.
Preventive effects of rosuvastatin on atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors for prevention of new-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of 72,128 patients.
Left ventricular hypertrophy reduction and clinical events. A meta-regression analysis of 14 studies in 12,809 hypertensive patients.
Effects of atorvastatin and rosuvastatin on renal function: a meta-analysis.
Aortic stenosis in the elderly: disease prevalence and number of candidates for transcatheter aortic valve replacement: a meta-analysis and modeling study.
Bortezomib-based versus nonbortezomib-based induction treatment before autologous stem-cell transplantation in patients with previously untreated multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis of phase III randomized, controlled trials.
Performance characteristics of endoscopic ultrasound in the staging of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Palliative treatment for incurable malignant colorectal obstructions: a meta-analysis.
The expression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1α and its clinical significance in lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association analysis of blood-pressure traits in African-ancestry individuals reveals common associated genes in African and non-African populations.
Interventions for the management of dry mouth: non-pharmacological interventions.
Systematic review and voxel-based meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in bipolar disorder.
Efficacy of second generation antipsychotics in treating acute mixed episodes in  bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
Treatment response for acute depression is not associated with number of previous episodes: lack of evidence for a clinical staging model for major depressive disorder.
Cystatin C versus creatinine in determining risk based on kidney function.
The NQO1 polymorphism C609T (Pro187Ser) and cancer susceptibility: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
D-Penicillamine for preventing retinopathy of prematurity in preterm infants.
Surgical versus endoscopic treatment of bile duct stones.
Lack of association of functional UCP2 -866G/A and Ala55Val polymorphisms and type 2 diabetes in the Chinese population based on a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Triple rule-out computed tomographic angiography for chest pain: a diagnostic systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of diffusion tensor imaging in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of temporary ileostomy versus colostomy for colorectal anastomoses.
Relationship between endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphisms and ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Fetal growth in relation to maternal and fetal IGF-axes: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Neuropsychological testing of cognitive impairment in euthymic bipolar disorder:  an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Dual time point 18FDG-PET/CT versus single time point 18FDG-PET/CT for the differential diagnosis of pulmonary nodules: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of prevention and treatment of toxoplasmic encephalitis in HIV-infected patients.
The genetic aetiology of cannabis use initiation: a meta-analysis of genome-wide  association studies and a SNP-based heritability estimation.
Alcohol use disorders and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the impact of oral nutritional supplements on hospital readmissions.
Effectiveness of mealtime interventions on nutritional outcomes for the elderly living in residential care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The ACE DD genotype and D-allele are associated with exceptional longevity: a meta-analysis.
Meta‐analysis of genetic variants associated with human exceptional longevity.
Coil type does not affect angiographic follow-up outcomes of cerebral aneurysm coiling: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Coil embolization versus clipping for ruptured intracranial aneurysms: a meta-analysis of prospective controlled published studies.
Malignant incidental extracardiac findings on cardiac CT: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Multidimensionality in impulsivity and alcohol use: a meta-analysis using the UPPS model of impulsivity.
Meta-analysis: the impact of disease activity at conception on disease activity during pregnancy in patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Meta-analysis: Lactobacillus GG for treating acute gastroenteritis in children--updated analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Comparison by meta-analysis of percutaneous coronary intervention versus coronary artery bypass grafting in patients with a mean age of ≥70 years.
Association of blood antioxidants and vitamins with risk of age-related cataract: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Common genetic loci influencing plasma homocysteine concentrations and their effect on risk of coronary artery disease.
A comparison of bilevel and continuous positive airway pressure noninvasive ventilation in acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema.
Personality and all-cause mortality: individual-participant meta-analysis of 3,947 deaths in 76,150 adults.
Rasburicase in tumor lysis syndrome of the adult: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tripterygium preparations for the treatment of CKD: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between depression and death in people with CKD: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Food sources of saturated fat and the association with mortality: a meta-analysis.
The use of postoperative topical corticosteroids in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Up and down or side to side? A systematic review and meta-analysis examining the  impact of incision on outcomes after abdominal surgery.
Angioplasty alone versus angioplasty and stenting for subclavian artery stenosis--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Revisiting oestrogen antagonists (clomiphene or tamoxifen) as medical empiric therapy for idiopathic male infertility: a meta-analysis.
Perioperative torsade de pointes: a systematic review of published case reports.
Cinnamon use in type 2 diabetes: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia in first complete remission: temporal trend of outcomes in studies comparing allogeneic transplant with autologous transplant or chemotherapy.
Oral acetyl-L-carnitine treatment in hepatic encephalopathy: view of evidence-based medicine.
Common variants in KCNQ1 confer increased risk of type 2 diabetes and contribute  to the diabetic epidemic in East Asians: a replication and meta-analysis.
Effect of 'activity monitor-based' counseling on physical activity and health-related outcomes in patients with chronic diseases: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mutation incidence and coincidence in non small-cell lung cancer: meta-analyses by ethnicity and histology (mutMap).
Meta-analysis to determine if surgical resection of the primary tumour in the setting of stage IV breast cancer impacts on survival.
Association between obesity and postoperative atrial fibrillation in patients undergoing cardiac operations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of gemcitabine plus platinum agents for biliary tract cancers: a meta-analysis.
WHO group 5 drugs and difficult multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: a systematic review with cohort analysis and meta-analysis.
Assessment of people with cognitive impairment and hip fracture: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bevacizumab in the treatment of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis from four phase III randomized controlled trials.
MTHFR C677T polymorphism was an ethnicity-dependent risk factor for cervical cancer development: evidence based on a meta-analysis.
Malposition and revision rates of different imaging modalities for percutaneous iliosacral screw fixation following pelvic fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical improvement and resorption of calcifications in calcific tendinitis of the shoulder after shock wave therapy at 6 months' follow-up: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of healing and prevention of digital ulcers in systemic sclerosis.
Survival and prognostic factors in systemic sclerosis-associated pulmonary hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors of breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of circumcision on male sexual functions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fibrate therapy and circulating adiponectin concentrations: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Effect of non-surgical periodontal treatment on HbA1c: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systemic sclerosis at the crossroad of polyautoimmunity.
Cardiac vagal control and children's adaptive functioning: a meta-analysis.
Simulation training for breast and pelvic physical examination: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
De novo erectile dysfunction after anterior urethroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of three observational studies of amlodipine/valsartan in hypertensive patients with additional risk factors.
A systematic review and meta-regression of mobile-bearing versus fixed-bearing total knee replacement in 41 studies.
Cricoid pressure training using simulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of venous and arterial thromboembolic events in cancer patients treated with gemcitabine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of hypertension with a novel multi-targeted kinase inhibitor axitinib in cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bisphosphonate use and risk of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Agomelatine efficacy and acceptability revisited: systematic review and meta-analysis of published and unpublished randomised trials.
Diagnostic accuracy of clinical tests of the hip: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of continuous local anaesthetic wound infiltration versus epidural analgesia for postoperative pain following abdominal surgery.
Systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression of the effect of tranexamic  acid on surgical blood loss.
Posterior cortical atrophy and Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analytic review of neuropsychological and brain morphometry studies.
Comparison between continuous thoracic epidural and paravertebral blocks for postoperative analgesia in patients undergoing thoracotomy: Systematic review.
Association between insulin resistance and sustained virologic response in hepatitis C treatment, genotypes 1 versus 2 and 3: systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Differences by sex in the prevalence of diabetes mellitus, impaired fasting glycaemia and impaired glucose tolerance in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Effectiveness of ferrous sulfate supplementation in the prevention of anemia in  children: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis].
The effect of low concentrations versus high concentrations of local anesthetics  for labour analgesia on obstetric and anesthetic outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the association between the TF gene rs1049296 and AD.
The efficacy of additional bevacizumab to cytotoxic chemotherapy regimens for the treatment of colorectal cancer: an updated meta-analysis for randomized trials.
Cutaneous markers of photo-damage and risk of Basal cell carcinoma of the skin: a meta-analysis.
Bidirectional associations between clinically relevant depression or anxiety and  COPD: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Child sexual abuse in China: a meta-analysis of 27 studies.
Implicit theories of personality and attributions of hostile intent: a meta-analysis, an experiment, and a longitudinal intervention.
Effect of timing of tracheotomy on clinical outcomes: an update meta-analysis including 11 trials.
Clinical prevalence of palmaris longus agenesis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of statin pretreatment on myocardial perfusion in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between C-reactive protein and atrial fibrillation recurrence after catheter ablation: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of ketoprofen vs. ibuprofen and diclofenac: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Effects of linaclotide in patients with irritable bowel syndrome with constipation or chronic constipation: a meta-analysis.
The role of p53 on survival of upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
World incidence of AKI: a meta-analysis.
Is lateral pin fixation for displaced supracondylar fractures of the humerus better than crossed pins in children?
Bleeding risk in atrial fibrillation patients taking vitamin K antagonists: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of CYP2D6 metabolizer phenotype and metoprolol pharmacokinetics.
Use of pro-/synbiotics as prophylaxis in patients undergoing colorectal resection for cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of donor-recipient gender mismatch on short- and long-term graft survival in kidney transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of school-based physical activity interventions on body mass index: a  meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Efficacy and tolerability of perospirone in schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of confocal laser endomicroscopy for the detection of colorectal neoplasia.
Peritoneal fluid cytokines and matrix metalloproteinases as early markers of anastomotic leakage in colorectal anastomosis: a literature review and meta-analysis.
Examining the stability of genetic risk effect as evidence accumulates in the context of meta-analysis.
Benzodiazepine versus nonbenzodiazepine-based sedation for mechanically ventilated, critically ill adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Blood purification and mortality in sepsis: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Heparin thromboprophylaxis in medical-surgical critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Effects of non-invasive ventilation on reintubation rate: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised studies of patients undergoing cardiothoracic surgery.
A meta-analysis of complications and mortality of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
Hypercortisolemia and glucocorticoid receptor-signaling insufficiency in Alzheimer's disease initiation and development.
Relative survival benefit and morbidity with fluids in severe sepsis - a network  meta-analysis of alternative therapies.
Breast implant-associated anaplastic large cell lymphoma: a systematic review of  the literature and mini-meta analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical outcomes of intravenous recombinant tissue plasminogen  activator for acute ischemic stroke: within 3 hours versus 3-4.5 hours.
Do prokinetics influence the completion rate in small-bowel capsule endoscopy? A  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physical activity and risk of cardiovascular disease: what does the new epidemiological evidence show?
Associations between parental psychological control and relational aggression in  children and adolescents: a multilevel and sequential meta-analysis.
Pioglitazone and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis of controlled studies.
The association of the mitochondrial DNA OriB variant (16184-16193 polycytosine tract) with type 2 diabetes in Europid populations.
Prognostic significance of partial tumor regression after preoperative chemoradiotherapy for rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Invasive and prognostic significance of pRB in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Esophageal small-cell cancer: study of a rare disease.
Altered risk-related processing in substance users: imbalance of pain and gain.
Update on the management of postoperative nausea and vomiting.
The efficacy of cognitive training programs in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of measurements of tongue and hand strength and endurance using the Iowa Oral Performance Instrument (IOPI).
Pulmonary embolism rule-out criteria (PERC) in pulmonary embolism--revisited: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Valuation of national park system visitation: the efficient use of count data models, meta-analysis, and secondary visitor survey data.
A common reference-based indirect comparison meta-analysis of intravenous valproate versus intravenous phenobarbitone for convulsive status epilepticus.
Role of cardioprotective therapy for prevention of cardiotoxicity with chemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the MDR1 gene variant C3435T and risk of leukaemia: a meta-analysis.
Is video-assisted thoracic surgery lobectomy better than thoracotomy for early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Linezolid versus vancomycin or teicoplanin for nosocomial pneumonia: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Safety and efficacy of hyaluronic acid for the correction of nasolabial folds: a  meta-analysis.
Relevant markers of cancer stem cells indicate a poor prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma patients: a meta-analysis.
Late gadolinium enhancement cardiac magnetic resonance imaging for the prediction of ventricular tachyarrhythmic events: a meta-analysis.
The population prevalence of Down's syndrome in England and Wales in 2011.
APC gene hypermethylation and prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy combined with postoperative radiotherapy for endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Programmable shunt valves for the treatment of hydrocephalus: a systematic review.
Contrast induced nephropathy in patients undergoing intravenous (IV) contrast enhanced computed tomography (CECT) and the relationship with risk factors: a meta-analysis.
Video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery lobectomy versus open lobectomy in patients  with clinical stage Ⅰ non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of computed tomography angiography in peripheral arterial  injury due to trauma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Benzodiazepine augmentation of antipsychotic drugs in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis and Cochrane review of randomized controlled trials.
Use of positive oral contrast agents in abdominopelvic computed tomography for blunt abdominal injury: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Fixed-dose combination antituberculosis therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of Cyfra 21-1 for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Is tranexamic acid effective and safe in spinal surgery? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of biological treatments targeting tumour necrosis factor α for sciatica.
Early detection of prostate cancer: European Association of Urology recommendation.
Immediate post-transurethral resection of bladder tumor intravesical chemotherapy prevents non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer recurrences: an updated meta-analysis on 2548 patients and quality-of-evidence review.
Enhancing surveys of health care professionals: a meta-analysis of techniques to  improve response.
Screening participation for people at increased risk of colorectal cancer due to  family history: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of MGMT promoter methylation in Glioblastoma multiforme: a meta-analysis.
Safety of ovarian preservation in young patients with early-stage endometrial cancer: a retrospective study and meta-analysis.
Does intracytoplasmic sperm injection improve the fertilization rate and decrease the total fertilization failure rate in couples with well-defined unexplained infertility? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment outcomes of pulmonary tuberculosis in the past decade in the mainland of China: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic Heller's myotomy versus pneumatic dilation in the treatment of idiopathic achalasia: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Association of P2X7 A1513C (rs3751143) gene polymorphism with risk of tuberculosis: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of glycosylated hemoglobin in chinese patients with gestational diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis based on 2,812 patients and 5,918  controls.
Quantitative assessment of the association between the GSTM1-null genotype and the risk of childhood asthma.
Risks and benefits of screening asymptomatic women for ovarian cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Survival impact of complete cytoreduction to no gross residual disease for advanced-stage ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Incentivizing blood donation: systematic review and meta-analysis to test Titmuss' hypotheses.
Aspirin for prophylactic use in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease  and cancer: a systematic review and overview of reviews.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the growth and rupture rates of small abdominal aortic aneurysms: implications for surveillance intervals and their cost-effectiveness.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the current evidence on the duration of protection by bacillus Calmette-Guérin vaccination against tuberculosis.
Octreotide for primary moderate to severe acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Totally laparoscopic vs. laparoscopically assisted distal gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: serious adverse events in Crohn's disease patients treated with TNF-alpha inhibitors.
Characterization of European ancestry nonalcoholic fatty liver disease-associated variants in individuals of African and Hispanic descent.
The lower, the better? : fractional polynomials meta-regression of blood pressure reduction on stroke risk.
Do dopamine agonists prevent or reduce the severity of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome in women undergoing assisted reproduction? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
No association between IL-1RN VNTR and the risk of duodenal ulcer: a meta-analysis.
Association between functional Fc receptor-like 3 (FCRL3) -169 C/T polymorphism and susceptibility to seropositive rheumatoid arthritis in Asians: a meta-analysis.
Association between CTLA-4 polymorphisms and susceptibility to Celiac disease: a  meta-analysis.
Genome-wide analysis of BMI in adolescents and young adults reveals additional insight into the effects of genetic loci over the life course.
Progesterone elevation and probability of pregnancy after IVF: a systematic review and meta-analysis of over 60 000 cycles.
The spinal control of ejaculation revisited: a systematic review and meta-analysis of anejaculation in spinal cord injured patients.
What is the optimal means of preparing the endometrium in frozen-thawed embryo transfer cycles? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antipsychotics in children and adolescents with schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The risk of bloodstream infection associated with peripherally inserted central catheters compared with central venous catheters in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antivirals for influenza: a summary of a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Influenza vaccination for immunocompromised patients: summary of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Estimating age-specific cumulative incidence for the 2009 influenza pandemic: a meta-analysis of A(H1N1)pdm09 serological studies from 19 countries.
The effect of obesity on outcomes in trauma patients: a meta-analysis.
Folic acid supplementation and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lack of intra-aortic balloon pump effectiveness in high-risk percutaneous coronary interventions without cardiogenic shock: a comprehensive meta-analysis of randomised trials and observational studies.
The Last Judgment upon abdominal aortic aneurysm screening.
Cilostazol added to aspirin and clopidogrel reduces revascularization without increases in major adverse events in patients with drug-eluting stents: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of intensified antiplatelet therapy on the basis of platelet  reactivity testing in patients after percutaneous coronary intervention: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of zotarolimus-eluting stents compared with sirolimus-eluting stents in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Heart involvement in rheumatoid arthritis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Microvolt T-wave alternans for risk stratification of cardiac events in ischemic  cardiomyopathy: a meta-analysis.
Which are the most reliable predictors of recurrence of atrial fibrillation after transcatheter ablation?: a meta-analysis.
Are treatments for vasovagal syncope effective? A meta-analysis.
Role of routine early angiography post-fibrinolysis for ST elevation myocardial infarction--a meta-regression analysis using angiography rate in the non-routine  arm.
Measurement accuracy of non-invasively obtained central blood pressure by applanation tonometry: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of ACE and ADD1 gene polymorphisms on blood pressure response to hydrochlorothiazide: a meta-analysis.
Sequential intravenous/oral moxifloxacin monotherapy for complicated skin and skin structure infections: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Is there a benefit in using magnetic resonance imaging in the prediction of preoperative neoadjuvant therapy response in locally advanced rectal cancer?
Intracorporeal versus extracorporeal anastomosis after laparoscopic right hemicolectomy for cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dementia case management and risk of long-term care placement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of group psychotherapy for sub-clinical depression in older adults.
Vitamin D receptor BsmІ polymorphism and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of fluorine-18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography or PET-computed tomography in cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between interleukin-6 -174G/C polymorphism and the risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Lipoprotein receptor-related protein 1 variants and dietary fatty acids: meta-analysis of European origin and African American studies.
A meta-analysis of moral reconation therapy.
Comparative assessments, meta-analysis, and recommended guidelines for reporting  studies on histomorphometric bone-implant contact in humans.
Postoperative infection associated with mandibular angle fracture treatment in the presence of teeth on the fracture line: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Internal fixation of distal tibiofibular syndesmotic injuries: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Sensitivity of cognitive tests in four cognitive domains in discriminating MDD patients from healthy controls: a meta-analysis.
The impact of music interventions on anxiety for adult cancer patients: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Debriefing to improve outcomes from critical illness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pet exposure and risk of atopic dermatitis at the pediatric age: a meta-analysis  of birth cohort studies.
The risk of rash associated with ipilimumab in patients with cancer: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Role of bariatric surgery as treatment for type 2 diabetes in patients who do not meet current NIH criteria: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exercise for falls and fracture prevention in long term care facilities: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Community-associated Clostridium difficile infection and antibiotics: a meta-analysis.
Coenzyme Q10 and male infertility: a meta-analysis.
Leukotriene receptor antagonists for small-airway abnormalities in asthmatics: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Feeding problems and nutrient intake in children with autism spectrum disorders:  a meta-analysis and comprehensive review of the literature.
Screening for new primary cancers in cancer survivors compared to non-cancer controls: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of sevoflurane versus desflurane on the incidence of upper respiratory morbidity in patients undergoing general anesthesia with a Laryngeal Mask Airway: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Dehydroepiandrosterone supplementation in elderly men: a meta-analysis study of placebo-controlled trials.
Comparative effectiveness of therapies for Graves' hyperthyroidism: a systematic  review and network meta-analysis.
No differential attrition was found in randomized controlled trials published in  general medical journals: a meta-analysis.
A powered bone marrow biopsy system versus manual methods: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Association between glucose transporter 1 rs841853 polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus risk may be population specific (1rs8418532).
Correlation of C-reactive protein level and obesity in Chinese adults and children: a meta-analysis.
Safety and feasibility of laparoscopic radical cystectomy for the treatment of bladder cancer.
Rerupture rate after early weightbearing in operative versus conservative treatment of Achilles tendon ruptures: a meta-analysis.
Clinical utility of endoscopic ultrasound elastography for identification of malignant pancreatic masses: a meta-analysis.
Factors associated with lymph node metastasis in radically resected rectal carcinoids: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sentinel node mapping in anal canal cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preventive pharmacologic treatments for episodic migraine in adults.
Procalcitonin-guided antibiotic therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The SCN1A gene variants and epileptic encephalopathies.
A replication study for three nephrolithiasis loci at 5q35.3, 7p14.3 and 13q14.1  in the Japanese population.
Intake of total protein, plant protein and animal protein in relation to blood pressure: a meta-analysis of observational and intervention studies.
Estimating the probability of IQ impairment from blood phenylalanine for phenylketonuria patients: a hierarchical meta-analysis.
Dabigatran for periprocedural anticoagulation following radiofrequency ablation for atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
The incidence of intraabdominal abscess formation following laparoscopic appendicectomy in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Value of diffusion-weighted MR imaging performed with quantitative apparent diffusion coefficient values for cervical lymphadenopathy.
The effects of whole-body vibration on muscle strength and power: a meta-analysis.
Very high fructose intake increases serum LDL-cholesterol and total cholesterol:  a meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials.
A meta-analysis of bisphosphonates for periprosthetic bone loss after total joint arthroplasty.
Effectiveness of dry needling for upper-quarter myofascial pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is fluorine-18 fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography useful for the thyroid nodules with indeterminate fine needle aspiration biopsy? A meta-analysis of the literature.
Does the use of antipyretics in children who have acute infections prolong febrile illness? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of SLCO1B1 genetic polymorphisms on neonatal hyperbilirubinemia: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of function after secondary shoulder surgery in neonatal brachial plexus palsy.
Parenting stress among caregivers of children with chronic illness: a systematic  review.
Magnesium for newborns with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Cytokines in bipolar disorder vs. healthy control subjects: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
NMDA receptor antagonists interventions in schizophrenia: Meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Effects of urate-lowering therapy in hyperuricemia on slowing the progression of  renal function: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion gene polymorphism and end-stage renal disease risk in IgA nephropathy patients.
Association between the angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism and susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Association of angiotensin-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism with polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Inhibitor development in previously treated hemophilia A patients: a systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression.
Commercial video laparoscopic trainers versus less expensive, simple laparoscopic trainers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic pyelolithotomy compared to percutaneous nephrolithotomy as surgical  management for large renal pelvic calculi: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between IL-10 gene -1082A/G and -592C/A polymorphisms and the risk of hepatitis C infection: a meta-analysis.
Maggot debridement therapy for the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of everolimus-eluting versus paclitaxel-eluting stents in coronary  artery disease: final 3-year results of the SPIRIT clinical trials program (Clinical Evaluation of the Xience V Everolimus Eluting Coronary Stent System in  the Treatment of Patients With De Novo Native Coronary Artery Lesions).
Relationship between the HLA-B*1502 allele and carbamazepine-induced Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Maternal smoking during pregnancy and offspring conduct problems: evidence from 3 independent genetically sensitive research designs.
Fish consumption and colorectal cancer risk: an evaluation based on a systematic  review of epidemiologic evidence among the Japanese population.
Systematic evaluation of prophylactic neck dissection for the treatment of papillary thyroid carcinoma.
A meta-analysis of expression signatures in glomerular disease.
Is osteoarthritis an inevitable consequence of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction? A meta-analysis.
Methods to diagnose acute anterior cruciate ligament rupture: a meta-analysis of  instrumented knee laxity tests.
Short-term intensive insulin therapy in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of initial treatment strategy on survival of patients with advanced-stage  Hodgkin's lymphoma: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of diode laser as adjunctive therapy to scaling root planning in the treatment of chronic periodontitis: a meta-analysis.
Hepatitis B infection increases the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
[Meta-analysis on the risk factors for stomal recurrence after total laryngectomy].
Meta-analysis: ARFI elastography versus transient elastography for the evaluation of liver fibrosis.
Platinum rechallenge in patients with advanced NSCLC: a pooled analysis.
Significant association between angiotensin-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism and risk of recurrent miscarriage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CT-angiography prior to DIEP flap breast reconstruction: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Role of survivin as prognostic and clinicopathological marker in gastric cancer:  a meta-analysis.
CTLA-4 polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE): a meta-analysis.
Cytochrome P450 2A6 deletion polymorphism and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Transcriptome meta-analysis of peripheral lymphomononuclear cells indicates that  gestational diabetes is closer to type 1 diabetes than to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Association between MTHFR C677T, MTHFR A1298C and MS A2756G polymorphisms and risk of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia II/III and cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
The serotonin transporter gene-linked polymorphic region (5-HTTLPR) and cortisol  stress reactivity: a meta-analysis.
Enalapril versus losartan for adults with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of computed tomography perfusion in detecting delayed cerebral ischemia  following aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
The impact of a single administration of intranasal oxytocin on the recognition of basic emotions in humans: a meta-analysis.
Neural correlates of alexithymia: a meta-analysis of emotion processing studies.
The effects of cardiovascular exercise on human memory: a review with meta-analysis.
NMDA-receptor coagonists in serum, plasma, and cerebrospinal fluid of schizophrenia patients: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Progressive brain changes in schizophrenia related to antipsychotic treatment? A  meta-analysis of longitudinal MRI studies.
Age-related change of neurochemical abnormality in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: a meta-analysis.
Neuroticism and the brain: a quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies investigating emotion processing.
Meta-analysis of the association between secondhand smoke exposure and physician-diagnosed childhood asthma.
Meta-analysis of fitness outcomes from motivational physical activity interventions.
Effect of glycemic index and glycemic load on energy intake in children.
Genetic polymorphisms associated with retinal vein occlusion: a Greek case-control study and meta-analysis.
Acupuncture and other physical treatments for the relief of pain due to osteoarthritis of the knee: network meta-analysis.
Efficacy of low frequency pulsed subsensory threshold electrical stimulation vs placebo on pain and physical function in people with knee osteoarthritis: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Acoustic hearing implants for mixed hearing loss: a systematic review.
What do we know about the natural outcomes of preterm labour? A systematic review and meta-analysis of women without tocolysis in preterm labour.
Efficacy of Qutenza® (capsaicin) 8% patch for neuropathic pain: a meta-analysis of the Qutenza Clinical Trials Database.
Are older adults with chronic musculoskeletal pain less active than older adults  without pain? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing pain reduction following vertebroplasty and conservative treatment for  osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Unilateral versus bilateral balloon kyphoplasty for osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures.
Does pain in individuals with multiple sclerosis affect employment? A systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Yoga for chronic low back pain: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Glutamine supplementation in acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Functional textiles for atopic dermatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hirschsprung's disease associated with Down syndrome: a meta-analysis of incidence, functional outcomes and mortality.
Enriched environments and motor outcomes in cerebral palsy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Probiotic administration in early life, atopy, and asthma: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Home visiting and outcomes of preterm infants: a systematic review.
Atomoxetine for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in the adulthood: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Alloplastic mandibular reconstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the current century case series.
Adult age differences, response management, and cue focality in event-based prospective memory: a meta-analysis on the role of task order specificity.
A meta-analytic review of age differences in theory of mind.
Revisiting the serotonin-aggression relation in humans: a meta-analysis.
On the automatic activation of attitudes: a quarter century of evaluative priming research.
Trust, conflict, and cooperation: a meta-analysis.
Do etiological influences on aggression overlap with those on rule breaking? A meta-analysis.
Explaining the increasing heritability of cognitive ability across development: a meta-analysis of longitudinal twin and adoption studies.
[Effectiveness of psychotherapeutic hospital treatment in German speaking countries: a meta-analysis].
Replication study of RAD54B and GREB1 polymorphisms and risk of PCOS in Han Chinese.
Parent inclusion in early intensive behavior interventions for young children with ASD: a synthesis of meta-analyses from 2009 to 2011.
Visuospatial working memory in specific language impairment: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of physical activity interventions for preschoolers: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the prophylactic use of macrolide antibiotics for the prevention of disease exacerbations in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Police AED programs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Simulation technology for resuscitation training: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laser therapy in the control of oral mucositis: a meta-analysis.
Adalimumab in rheumatoid arthritis treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Lactobacillus-containing probiotic supplementation increases Helicobacter pylori  eradication rate: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Treatment of ankylosing spondylitis with TNF blockers: a meta-analysis.
Fc receptor-like 3 (FCRL3) -169 C/T polymorphism and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Administration of erythromycin before endoscopy in upper gastrointestinal bleeding: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Vitamin D supplementation and risk of respiratory tract infections: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Night-shift work and breast cancer--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intermittent drug techniques for schizophrenia.
Brain volumes in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis in over 18 000 subjects.
Deficits in domains of social cognition in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of the  empirical evidence.
Preventing a first episode of psychosis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled prevention trials of 12 month and longer-term follow-ups.
Adenosine hypothesis in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trial of adjuvant purinergic modulators.
Neurocognition in clinical high risk young adults who did or did not convert to a first schizophrenic psychosis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis supports association of a non-synonymous SNP in ZNF804A with schizophrenia.
Neurological adverse events of new generation sodium blocker antiepileptic drugs. Meta-analysis of randomized, double-blinded studies with eslicarbazepine acetate, lacosamide and oxcarbazepine.
Executive dysfunction in OSA before and after treatment: a meta-analysis.
The impact of diet and lifestyle management strategies for obstructive sleep apnoea in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled  trials.
Effects of weight-bearing exercise on bone health in girls: a meta-analysis.
What is the effect of resistance training on the strength, body composition and psychosocial status of overweight and obese children and adolescents? A Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intravenous minocycline in acute stroke: a randomized, controlled pilot study and meta-analysis.
Potentially large yet uncertain benefits: a meta-analysis of patent foramen ovale closure trials.
Comparison of the sex-specific associations between systolic blood pressure and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 124  cohort studies, including 1.2 million individuals.
Comparing the short-term outcomes of totally intracorporeal gastroduodenostomy with extracorporeal gastroduodenostomy after laparoscopic distal gastrectomy for  gastric cancer: a single surgeon's experience and a rapid systematic review with  meta-analysis.
The predictive role of skin rash with cetuximab and panitumumab in colorectal cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of published trials.
Risk of deep vein thrombosis in patients with cellulitis and erysipelas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Which hemostatic device in thyroid surgery? A network meta-analysis of surgical technologies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of prophylactic central neck dissection on  short-term locoregional recurrence in papillary thyroid carcinoma after total thyroidectomy.
Value of adding second-trimester uterine artery Doppler to patient characteristics in identification of nulliparous women at increased risk for pre-eclampsia: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Complete cytogenetic response and major molecular response as surrogate outcomes  for overall survival in first-line treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia: a case study for technology appraisal on the basis of surrogate outcomes evidence.
Gene therapy for therapeutic angiogenesis in peripheral arterial disease - a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
[Meta analysis on the immunogenicity of domestic influenza virus vaccines].
Lack of association between the haplotype GCC/ATA polymorphism in the IL-10 promoter and SLE risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
[Treating menopause syndrome by kuntal capsule and hormone replacement therapy: a meta-analysis of efficacy and safety comparison].
[Systematic review of xiyanping injection for hand foot mouth disease].
[Systematic review of shenfu injection for septic shock].
[Parenterally administered shenqi fuzheng for heart failure: a systematic review  and meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis on reconstructions of posterior mediastinal route and anterior mediastinal route after esophagectomy].
[Meta analysis on the association of CYP11B2 gene polymorphism and essential hypertension in Chinese Han population].
[The impact of acellular dermal matrix on complications of breast reconstruction  using tissue expander/implant: a meta-analysis].
Chronic hepatitis B prevalence among Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians since universal vaccination: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety outcomes of oral anticoagulants and antiplatelet drugs in the secondary prevention of venous thromboembolism: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Nonoperative treatment for lumbar spinal stenosis with neurogenic claudication.
Occupational safety and health enforcement tools for preventing occupational diseases and injuries.
Interventions for the management of dry mouth: non-pharmacological interventions.
Fibrinogen concentrate in bleeding patients.
Opioids for neuropathic pain.
Herbal medicines for viral myocarditis.
Does this patient with shoulder pain have rotator cuff disease?: The Rational Clinical Examination systematic review.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of laparoscopy-assisted and open total gastrectomy for gastric cancer.
Caesarean delivery and subsequent pregnancy interval: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stratified meta-analysis of intermittent pneumatic compression of the lower limbs to prevent venous thromboembolism in hospitalized patients.
Virtual reality training for surgical trainees in laparoscopic surgery.
Prognostic value of stress cardiac magnetic resonance imaging in patients with known or suspected coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Controlled-dose versus fixed-dose mycophenolate mofetil for kidney transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Meta-analysis of risk factors for all-cause mortality of pulmonary thromboembolism].
Is volunteering a public health intervention? A systematic review and meta-analysis of the health and survival of volunteers.
Populations at risk for severe or complicated influenza illness: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-pharmacological interventions for fatigue in rheumatoid arthritis.
Tobacco cessation interventions for young people.
Association between the hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and lung cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on 22,475 subjects.
The prevalence of depression and anxiety among Chinese adults with cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
High-dose chemotherapy and autologous haematopoietic stem cell rescue for children with high-risk neuroblastoma.
Restricting oral fluid and food intake during labour.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between childhood overweight and obesity and primary school diet and physical activity policies.
Oral deferiprone for iron chelation in people with thalassaemia.
Desferrioxamine mesylate for managing transfusional iron overload in people with  transfusion-dependent thalassaemia.
Smoking cessation interventions for smokers with current or past depression.
Lateral wedge insoles as a conservative treatment for pain in patients with medial knee osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis.
The nature of recollection in behavior and the brain.
Single-incision laparoscopic appendectomy vs conventional laparoscopic appendectomy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors for type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Probiotics for treating persistent diarrhoea in children.
Meta-analysis of association of common variants in the KCNJ11-ABCC8 region with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of telmisartan on proteinuria or albuminuria: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Efficacy of inspiratory muscle training in chronic heart failure patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Novel oral anticoagulants versus warfarin in non-valvular atrial fibrillation: a  meta-analysis of 50,578 patients.
Trials to improve blood pressure through adherence to antihypertensives in stroke/TIA: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cisplatin versus carboplatin in combination with third-generation drugs for advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Novel insights into etiologies of leukemia: a HuGE review and meta-analysis of CYP1A1 polymorphisms and leukemia risk.
Safety and efficacy of intravenous iron therapy in reducing requirement for allogeneic blood transfusion: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
Genome-wide scan of job-related exhaustion with three replication studies implicate a susceptibility variant at the UST gene locus.
Genome-wide association study of age at menarche in African-American women.
Association between major depressive disorder and the norepinephrine transporter  polymorphisms T-182C and G1287A: a meta-analysis.
Iowa Gambling Task performance in euthymic bipolar I disorder: a meta-analysis and empirical study.
AGT M235T polymorphisms and ischemic stroke risk: a meta-analysis.
Effect of vegetarian diets on zinc status: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of studies in humans.
Antibiotics for preventing complications in children with measles.
Reciprocity explains food sharing in humans and other primates independent of kin selection and tolerated scrounging: a phylogenetic meta-analysis.
Comparing human papillomavirus prevalences in women with normal cytology or invasive cervical cancer to rank genotypes according to their oncogenic potential: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Childhood body mass index and subsequent physician-diagnosed asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Postnatal phenobarbital for the prevention of intraventricular haemorrhage in preterm infants.
Striking life events associated with primary breast cancer susceptibility in women: a meta-analysis study.
[Ultrafiltration versus intravenous diuretics in decompensated heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
Nursing interventions for smoking cessation.
Antiarrhythmia drugs for cardiac arrest: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Immunogenicity of monoclonal antibodies against tumor necrosis factor used in chronic immune-mediated Inflammatory conditions: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The preventive effect of statin therapy on new-onset and recurrent atrial fibrillation in patients not undergoing invasive cardiac interventions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
No consistent evidence of differential cardiovascular risk amongst proton-pump inhibitors when used with clopidogrel: meta-analysis.
Changes in cardiorespiratory fitness in cardiac rehabilitation patients: a meta-analysis.
Taxane-cisplatin-fluorouracil as induction chemotherapy in locally advanced head  and neck cancers: an individual patient data meta-analysis of the meta-analysis of chemotherapy in head and neck cancer group.
CYP46A1 intron-2T/C polymorphism and Alzheimer's disease: an updated meta-analysis of 16 studies including 3,960 cases and 3,828 controls.
Meta-analysis confirms a functional polymorphism (5-HTTLPR) in the serotonin transporter gene conferring risk of bipolar disorder in European populations.
Nine loci for ocular axial length identified through genome-wide association studies, including shared loci with refractive error.
Meta-analysis of gene-level associations for rare variants based on single-variant statistics.
Perceived job insecurity as a risk factor for incident coronary heart disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Single, double or multiple-injection techniques for non-ultrasound guided axillary brachial plexus block in adults undergoing surgery of the lower arm.
Prevalence of smoking in 15-64 years old population of north of Iran: meta-analysis of the results of non-communicable diseases risk factors surveillance system.
Global eradication rates for Helicobacter pylori infection: systematic review and meta-analysis of sequential therapy.
Effectiveness of percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-eluting stents compared with bypass surgery in diabetics with multivessel coronary disease: comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical data.
Interventions provided in the acute phase for mild traumatic brain injury: a systematic review.
FDG-PET in diagnosis, staging and prognosis of pancreatic carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of stapled hemorrhoidopexy vs LigaSure hemorrhoidectomy.
Probiotic supplementation decreases intestinal transit time: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Self-measured blood pressure monitoring in the management of hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dipeptidase 1 (DPEP1) is a marker for the transition from low-grade to high-grade intraepithelial neoplasia and an adverse prognostic factor in colorectal cancer.
Effects of intensive blood pressure lowering on the progression of chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Variation of a test's sensitivity and specificity with disease prevalence.
Hydrocolloid dressings for healing diabetic foot ulcers.
Clinical outcomes with drug-eluting and bare-metal stents in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: evidence from a comprehensive network meta-analysis.
Smoking, radiotherapy, diabetes and osteoporosis as risk factors for dental implant failure: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of CD166 expression in cancers of the digestive system: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Chewing betel quid and the risk of metabolic disease, cardiovascular disease, and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis.
The MUC5B variant is associated with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis but not with systemic sclerosis interstitial lung disease in the European Caucasian population.
XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and clinical outcomes of NSCLC patients receiving platinum-based chemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Estrogen induced concentration dependent differential gene expression in human breast cancer (MCF7) cells: role of transcription factors.
Prehypertension and incidence of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Associations between two genetic variants in NKX2-5 and risk of congenital heart  disease in Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
To press or not to press, and if so, with what? A single question-focused meta-analysis of vasopressor choice during regional anesthesia in obstetrics.
Mastery learning for health professionals using technology-enhanced simulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Analgesics and road traffic crashes in senior drivers: an epidemiological review  and explorative meta-analysis on opioids.
Elevated homocysteine levels in levodopa-treated idiopathic Parkinson's disease:  a meta-analysis.
Risk of liver toxicity with the angiogenesis inhibitor pazopanib in cancer patients.
High versus low radioiodine activity in patients with differentiated thyroid cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of cardiac stress perfusion MRI in the detection of coronary artery disease using fractional flow reserve as the reference standard:  a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: rapid infliximab infusions are safe.
Meta-analysis: vitamin D and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Meta-analysis using individual patient data: efficacy and durability of topical alicaforsen for the treatment of active ulcerative colitis.
Macrolides for the long-term management of asthma--a meta-analysis of randomized  clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of the association between urokinase-plasminogen activator gene rs2227564 polymorphism and Alzheimer's disease.
Comparison by meta-analysis of mortality after isolated coronary artery bypass grafting in women versus men.
Meta-analysis of rivaroxaban and bleeding risk.
Effect of green tea on glucose control and insulin sensitivity: a meta-analysis of 17 randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of denosumab versus zoledronic acid in patients with bone metastases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Selenium supplementation for sepsis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk of pelvic inflammatory disease following Chlamydia trachomatis infection: analysis of prospective studies with a multistate model.
Quantitative association of tobacco smoking with the risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a comprehensive meta-analysis of studies conducted between 1979 and 2011.
Opportunistic infections with anti-tumor necrosis factor-α therapy in inflammatory bowel disease: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Does personality affect risk for dementia? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment of periodontal disease and prevention of preterm birth: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevention of respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants by antenatal ambroxol: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lifestyle interventions in patients with coronary heart disease: a systematic review.
Beneficial or harmful effect of antipaternal human leukocyte antibodies on pregnancy outcome? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions designed to prevent anterior cruciate ligament injuries in adolescents and adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transabdominal preperitoneal versus totally extraperitoneal repair of inguinal hernia: a meta-analysis of randomized studies.
A systematic review of the effectiveness of hospital- and ambulatory-based management of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis.
Reevaluation of the effectiveness of ramosetron for preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of intraoperative high inspired oxygen fraction on surgical site infection, postoperative nausea and vomiting, and pulmonary function: systematic  review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Postoperative B-type natriuretic peptide for prediction of major cardiac events in patients undergoing noncardiac surgery: systematic review and individual patient meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of treatment-related mortality in cancer patients treated with the mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors.
Significant efficacies of neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma by meta-analysis of published literature-based randomized, controlled trials.
Does postoperative complication have a negative impact on long-term outcomes following hepatic resection for colorectal liver metastasis?: a meta-analysis.
POSSUM and P-POSSUM as predictors of postoperative morbidity and mortality in patients undergoing hepato-biliary-pancreatic surgery: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of transcatheter aortic valve implantation versus surgical aortic valve replacement.
Etoposide improves survival in high-grade glioma: a meta-analysis.
Effect of metformin on ovulation and reproductive outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of botulinum toxin A detrusor injections in the treatment of neurogenic detrusor overactivity after spinal cord injury.
Efficacy of psychological interventions for sexual dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Angioplasty guided by intravascular ultrasound: meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Inappropriate shocks in patients with ICDs: single chamber versus dual chamber.
Utility of anti-melanoma differentiation-associated gene 5 antibody measurement in identifying patients with dermatomyositis and a high risk for developing rapidly progressive interstitial lung disease: a review of the literature and a meta-analysis.
Single-dose intra-articular morphine after arthroscopic knee surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled studies.
Outcomes of single-row versus double-row arthroscopic rotator cuff repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis of current evidence.
Long-term effect of high dose omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for secondary prevention of cardiovascular outcomes: A meta-analysis of randomized, placebo controlled trials [corrected].
Low ankle-brachial index and risk of stroke.
Obstructive sleep apnea and cardiovascular risk: meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Low-dose of oral factor Xa inhibitors in patients with a recent acute coronary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Egg consumption and risk of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Intravenous magnesium therapy in adult patients with an aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnosis and treatment of late-onset hypogonadism: systematic review and meta-analysis of TRT outcomes.
MDR1 mRNA expression and MDR1 gene variants as predictors of response to chemotherapy in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia: a meta-analysis.
Genetic variants of eNOS gene may modify the susceptibility to idiopathic male infertility.
Folic acid supplementation use and the MTHFR C677T polymorphism in orofacial clefts etiology: An individual participant data pooled-analysis.
Evaluation of robotic and laparoscopic partial nephrectomy for small renal tumours (T1a).
Epidemiology of Paget's disease of bone: a systematic review and meta-analysis of secular changes.
Is there reduced polyethylene wear and longer survival when using a mobile-bearing design in total knee replacement? A meta-analysis of randomised and non-randomised controlled trials.
Measurement of quality of recovery using the QoR-40: a quantitative systematic review.
Meta-analysis of the association between psoriasis and human leucocyte antigen-B.
Network meta-analysis of the outcome 'participant complete clearance' in nonimmunosuppressed participants of eight interventions for actinic keratosis: a  follow-up on a Cochrane review.
Markers of systemic inflammation in psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adjusted prognostic association of depression following myocardial infarction with mortality and cardiovascular events: individual patient data meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of additional technologies to enhance angioplasty for infrainguinal peripheral arterial occlusive disease.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of liver resection for metastatic melanoma.
The metastatic microenvironment of breast cancer: clinical implications.
Postmenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive breast cancer: balancing benefit and toxicity from aromatase inhibitors.
Trastuzumab for patients with HER2 positive breast cancer: delivery, duration and combination therapies.
Selecting the neoadjuvant treatment by molecular subtype: how to maximize the benefit?
Radioactive seed localisation (RSL) in the treatment of non-palpable breast cancers: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of caveolin in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
The impact of the Oncotype Dx breast cancer assay in clinical practice: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intra-operative ultrasound versus wire-guided localization in the surgical management of non-palpable breast cancers: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions for common perinatal mental disorders in women in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stem cell therapy is a promising tool for refractory angina: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic value of stool DNA testing for multiple markers of colorectal cancer and advanced adenoma: a meta-analysis.
Ranibizumab injection for diabetic macular edema: meta-analysis of systemic safety and systematic review.
High-concentration oxygen and surgical site infections in abdominal surgery: a meta-analysis.
Hormone replacement therapy and risk of meningioma in women: a meta-analysis.
Association between non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and melanoma risk: a meta-analysis of 13 studies.
Association between GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism and oxaliplatin-induced neuropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body mass index and risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of a population with  more than ten million from 24 prospective studies.
Cruciferous vegetable consumption and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Amplatzer occluder versus CardioSEAL/STARFlex occluder: a meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of transcatheter occlusion for patent foramen ovale and atrial septal defect.
Efficacy and safety of sirolimus-eluting stents versus bare-metal stents in coronary artery disease patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Relative effects of two different enoxaparin regimens as comparators against newer oral anticoagulants: meta-analysis and adjusted indirect comparison.
Rabeprazole 10 mg versus 20 mg in preventing relapse of gastroesophageal reflux disease: a meta-analysis.
Chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery could improve the efficacy of treatments in patients with resectable esophageal carcinoma.
Association between C677T polymorphism of methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase and congenital heart disease: meta-analysis of 7697 cases and 13,125 controls.
Identification of a KCNQ1 polymorphism acting as a protective modifier against arrhythmic risk in long-QT syndrome.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of lower limb neuromuscular alterations associated with knee osteoarthritis during level walking.
Fluorine-18 fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography-computed tomography in monitoring the response of breast cancer to neoadjuvant chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Short-term effect of verapamil on coronary no-reflow associated with percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with acute coronary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cyst features and risk of malignancy in intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms  of the pancreas: a meta-analysis.
Network meta-analysis for evaluating interventions in implant dentistry: the case of peri-implantitis treatment.
Treatment of hepatitis C virus infection among people who are actively injecting  drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of rash associated with lenalidomide in cancer patients: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
PET or PET/CT for detection of peritoneal carcinomatosis: a meta-analysis.
Reaction time variability in ADHD: a meta-analytic review of 319 studies.
Mindfulness-based therapy: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Effects of aggressive statin therapy on patients with coronary saphenous vein bypass grafts: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Interventions to improve water quality and supply, sanitation and hygiene practices, and their effects on the nutritional status of children.
Human papillomavirus infection and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Palliative resection of the primary tumour in patients with Stage IV colorectal cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of the early outcome after laparoscopic and open colectomy.
Obesity and dental caries in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of Tai Chi for osteoarthritis of the knee.
Association of baseline high-density lipoprotein levels with restenosis after coronary stenting: a meta-analysis.
Vasospastic angina and Ca channel blockers.
The efficacy and tolerability of perampanel and other recently approved anti-epileptic drugs for the treatment of refractory partial onset seizure: a systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Prostacyclin and its analogues in pulmonary artery hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Metaanalysis of risk factors for mortality in patients with hip fracture.
Blood pressure-lowering effects of GLP-1 receptor agonists exenatide and liraglutide: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of methylcobalamin alone and in combination with lipoic acid in patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
The role of procalcitonin in the identification of invasive fungal infection-a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Relation of excess body weight and survival in patients with esophageal adenocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
IL-4 -590C/T polymorphism and susceptibility to liver disease: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Shortness of breath and cough in patients in palliative care.
Diagnostic performance of (99m)Tc-MIBI scan in predicting the malignancy of thyroid nodules: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of variant A45T in NEUROD1/BETA2 for its association with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Guide wire-assisted cannulation for the prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Individual subject meta-analysis of parameters for Cryptosporidium parvum shedding and diarrhoea in animal experimental models.
Predictors of seizure freedom after surgical management of tuberous sclerosis complex: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neuromonitoring in thyroidectomy: a meta-analysis of effectiveness from randomized controlled trials.
Coronary computed tomographic angiography for detection of coronary artery disease in patients presenting to the emergency department with chest pain: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Lymphovascular invasion as a prognostic factor in the upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adverse outcomes in older adults attending emergency department: systematic review and meta-analysis of the Triage Risk Stratification Tool.
Risk of venous thromboembolism associated with single and combined effects of Factor V Leiden, Prothrombin 20210A and Methylenetethraydrofolate reductase C677T: a meta-analysis involving over 11,000 cases and 21,000 controls.
Glucocorticoids can increase the survival rate of patients with severe viral hepatitis B: a meta-analysis.
Refining genome-wide linkage intervals using a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies loci influencing personality dimensions.
The adverse event profile of perampanel: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Steroids for preventing recurrence of acute severe migraine headaches: a meta-analysis.
Blood glucose concentrations and breast cancer risk in women without diabetes: a  meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of laceback ligatures during initial orthodontic alignment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Should displaced midshaft clavicular fractures be treated surgically? A meta-analysis based on current evidence.
Dose-comparative effects of different statins on serum lipid levels: a network meta-analysis of 256,827 individuals in 181 randomized controlled trials.
Comparative benefits of statins in the primary and secondary prevention of major  coronary events and all-cause mortality: a network meta-analysis of placebo-controlled and active-comparator trials.
Lifestyle modification programmes for patients with coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of patient education in the management of coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is it worth assessing progress as early as week 2 to adapt antidepressive treatment strategy? Results from a study on agomelatine and a global meta-analysis.
Haemodynamics, exercise capacity and clinical events in pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Minimally invasive versus open transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion: a meta-analysis based on the current evidence.
Surgical treatment of recurrent stress urinary incontinence in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Statin therapy on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: pharmacological treatment of pathological gambling.
Prediction of an excessive response in in vitro fertilization from patient characteristics and ovarian reserve tests and comparison in subgroups: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Age-specific probability of live birth with oocyte cryopreservation: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Association of polymorphisms in the interleukin-4 gene with response to hepatitis B vaccine and susceptibility to hepatitis B virus infection: a meta-analysis.
Differential effects of insulin-like growth factor-1 CA repeat polymorphism on breast cancer risk along with race: a meta-analysis.
Association between the XRCC6 Promoter rs2267437 polymorphism and cancer risk: evidence based on the current literature.
Association between cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 +49A/G polymorphism and persistent hepatitis B virus infection in the Asian population:  evidence from the current studies.
Comprehensive genomic meta-analysis identifies intra-tumoural stroma as a predictor of survival in patients with gastric cancer.
Thyroid disease associated with Cowden syndrome: A meta-analysis.
Urinary trypsinogen-2 for diagnosing acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of prophylactic mesh placement for prevention of incisional hernia following midline laparotomy.
The influence of cognitive load on transfer with error prevention training methods: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis reveals an association of STAT4 polymorphisms with systemic autoimmune disorders and anti-dsDNA antibody.
The associations of high birth weight with blood pressure and hypertension in later life: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The risk of congenital malformations associated with exposure to β-blockers early in pregnancy: a meta-analysis.
The CD14--159C/T polymorphisms and the risks of tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
Use of FDG-PET or PET/CT to detect recurrent colorectal cancer in patients with elevated CEA: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between adiponectin levels and coronary heart disease and mortality:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Subsyndromal delirium in older people: a systematic review of frequency, risk factors, course and outcomes.
Prospective cohort study and meta-analysis of cyclic bleeding after laparoscopic  supracervical hysterectomy.
Corticosteroids for neurocysticercosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Potential role of proteomics in the diagnosis of lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Overview of antidepressant treatment of bipolar depression.
Role of statins in Alzheimer's disease: a retrospective meta-analysis for commonly investigated clinical parameters in RCTs.
Pubertal timing and adult obesity and cardiometabolic risk in women and men: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pyrosequencing for the rapid detection of rifampicin resistance in Mycobacterium  tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of clofazimine for the treatment of drug-resistant tuberculosis.
Can tamsulosin facilitate expulsion of ureteral stones? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Operative versus non-operative treatment for clavicle fracture: a meta-analysis.
The effect of 5α-reductase inhibitors on prostate growth in men receiving testosterone replacement therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preoperative statin therapy is associated with lower requirement of renal replacement therapy in patients undergoing cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Risk of hand-foot skin reaction with the novel multikinase inhibitor regorafenib: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of changes in bacterial and archaeal communities with time.
Psychodynamic psychotherapy for children and adolescents: a meta-analysis of short-term psychodynamic models.
A meta-analysis of cognitive functioning in older adults with PTSD.
Incidence of pseudotumor and acute lymphocytic vasculitis associated lesion (ALVAL) reactions in metal-on-metal hip articulations: a meta-analysis.
Is ADHD a risk factor independent of conduct disorder for illicit substance use?  A meta-analysis and metaregression investigation.
Bisphosphonates and risk of subtrochanteric, femoral shaft, and atypical femur fracture: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of glypican-3 with alpha-fetoprotein as a serum marker for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of several biomarkers in epithelial ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Statin use for nonrheumatic calcific aortic valve stenosis: a review with meta-analysis.
Hypertension and experimental stroke therapies.
Maternal vitamin D status and risk of pre-eclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fracture risk and bone mineral density in metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Can anti-Mullerian hormone predict the diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome? A  systematic review and meta-analysis of extracted data.
PCR-based diagnosis of prosthetic joint infection.
Direct and indirect comparison of the efficacy and safety of adalimumab, etanercept, infliximab and golimumab in psoriatic arthritis.
Efficacy and cost of single-dose rasburicase in prevention and treatment of adult tumour lysis syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Action concepts in the brain: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Emotional congruence with children and sexual offending against children: a meta-analytic review.
Are the parts as good as the whole? A meta-analysis of component treatment studies.
Predictive and prognostic roles of BRAF mutation in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer treated with anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibodies: a meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes of 5358 patients undergoing direct open bypass or endovascular  treatment for aortoiliac occlusive disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of cancer in psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
An updated and expanded meta-analysis of nonresident fathering and child well-being.
Effect of intraoperative neuromonitoring on recurrent laryngeal nerve palsy rates after thyroid surgery--a meta-analysis.
Diverticulitis in the young is not more aggressive than in the elderly, but it tends to recur more often: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cigarette smoking and the risk of Barrett's esophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
External stent versus no stent for pancreaticojejunostomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cost-effectiveness of hepatic resection versus percutaneous radiofrequency ablation for early hepatocellular carcinoma.
Oral topical decontamination for preventing ventilator-associated pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of dietary interventions in the maintenance of normoglycaemia in glycogen  storage disease type 1a: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Blood pressure levels and brain volume reduction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Blood pressure response with fixed-dose combination therapy: comparing hydrochlorothiazide with amlodipine through individual-level meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of neutrophil CD64 expression in neonatal infection: a meta-analysis.
Two nonsynonymous polymorphisms (F31I and V57I) of the STK15 gene and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 5966 cases and 7609 controls.
Clinical evaluation of serum cystatin C and creatinine in patients with chronic kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
Neural recruitment after mild traumatic brain injury is task dependent: a meta-analysis.
[A meta-analysis of the effect of walking exercise on lower limb muscle endurance, whole body endurance and upper body flexibility in elders].
Systematic review and meta-analysis of pulmonary hypertension specific therapy for exercise capacity in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Comparison between totally laparoscopic and laparoscopically assisted distal gastrectomy for gastric cancer with a short follow-up: a meta-analysis.
Genetics of cerebral amyloid angiopathy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive impairment after lacunar stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis of incidence, prevalence and comparison with other stroke subtypes.
Cerebrospinal fluid oligoclonal bands in multiple sclerosis and clinically isolated syndromes: a meta-analysis of prevalence, prognosis and effect of latitude.
Short-term outcome of endoscopic versus microscopic pituitary adenoma surgery: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Seizure outcomes after resective surgery for extra-temporal lobe epilepsy in pediatric patients.
Oral branched-chain amino acids have a beneficial effect on manifestations of hepatic encephalopathy in a systematic review with meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials.
Success rates of prosthetic restorations on endodontically treated teeth; a systematic review after 6 years.
The effectiveness of postoperative physical therapy treatment in patients who have undergone arthroscopic partial meniscectomy: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Are joint injury, sport activity, physical activity, obesity, or occupational activities predictors for osteoarthritis? A systematic review.
Do the parent-child relationship and parenting behaviors differ between families  with a child with and without chronic illness? A meta-analysis.
Predicting ethnic and racial discrimination: a meta-analysis of IAT criterion studies.
Systematic meta-analysis of childhood social withdrawal in schizophrenia, and comparison with data from at-risk children aged 9-14 years.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD): an exploratory meta-analysis of randomized and sham-controlled trials.
Does adding noradrenaline reuptake inhibition to selective serotonin reuptake inhibition improve efficacy in patients with depression? A systematic review of meta-analyses and large randomised pragmatic trials.
The relationship between erectile dysfunction and open urethroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of bracing in the treatment of nonosseous restriction of elbow mobility: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 13 studies.
Angiogram-negative subarachnoid hemorrhage: outcomes data and review of the literature.
Of mice, rats and men: trabecular bone architecture in mammals scales to body mass with negative allometry.
Meta-analysis of the effects of MI training on clinicians' behavior.
Meta-analysis of studies comparing single-incision laparoscopic appendectomy and  conventional multiport laparoscopic appendectomy.
Angiographic outcomes of radial artery versus saphenous vein in coronary artery bypass graft surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of preoperative hormonal stimulation on postoperative complication rates after proximal hypospadias repair: a systematic review.
The CASP8 -652 6N insertion/deletion promoter polymorphism is associated with renal cell carcinoma risk and metastasis.
Radial versus femoral access for primary percutaneous interventions in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Impact of dietary and exercise interventions on weight change and metabolic outcomes in obese children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Systemic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials comparing primary vs delayed primary skin closure in contaminated and dirty abdominal incisions.
The prognostic value of miR-21 and miR-155 in non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of chronic syndesmotic injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Methods to diagnose acute anterior cruciate ligament rupture: a meta-analysis of  physical examinations with and without anaesthesia.
Attributable mortality of ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis of individual patient data from randomised prevention studies.
Early enteral nutrition after pancreatoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The association between TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and lung cancer susceptibility: evidence from 30,038 subjects.
Association of MeCP2 (rs2075596, rs2239464) genetic polymorphisms with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
[Efficacy of Glidescope video laryngoscope in difficult airways: a meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials].
Privacy technology to support data sharing for comparative effectiveness research: a systematic review.
Associations between residency selection strategies and doctor performance: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of Huachansu combined with chemotherapy in advanced gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of angiotensin converting enzyme gene I/D polymorphism and its expression  on clinical outcome in acute respiratory distress syndrome.
GNAS mutational analysis in differentiating fibrous dysplasia and ossifying fibroma of the jaw.
Association between tumor necrosis factor-α promoter -308 A/G, -238 A/G, interleukin-6 -174 G/C and -572 G/C polymorphisms and periodontal disease: a meta-analysis.
Toll-like receptor (TLR) and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) polymorphisms and periodontitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Genetic variation of the CYP17 and susceptibility to endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Associations between FCGR2A rs1801274, FCGR3A rs396991, FCGR3B NA1/NA2 polymorphisms and periodontitis: a meta-analysis.
Association of TGF-β1 +869C/T promoter polymorphism with susceptibility to autoimmune diseases: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies ten loci influencing  allergic sensitization.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis of self-reported allergy identifies shared and allergy-specific susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies new susceptibility loci for migraine.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple risk loci for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
The valuation system: a coordinate-based meta-analysis of BOLD fMRI experiments examining neural correlates of subjective value.
Multi-cultural association of the serotonin transporter gene (SLC6A4) with substance use disorder.
Prediction error in reinforcement learning: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Flow-diverter devices for intracranial aneurysms: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Detection of glioma recurrence by ¹¹C-methionine positron emission tomography and dynamic susceptibility contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging: a meta-analysis.
Long-term effects of low glycemic index/load vs. high glycemic index/load diets on parameters of obesity and obesity-associated risks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Changes in serum uric acid levels and cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis.
Overweight, obesity and risk of premenopausal breast cancer according to ethnicity: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Bariatric surgery for obese children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of acute thromboembolic events with oral contraceptive use: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Occupational trichloroethylene exposure and risk of lymphatic and haematopoietic  cancers: a meta-analysis.
Sentinel node biopsy for squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity and oropharynx: a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Open versus closed treatment of unilateral moderately displaced mandibular condylar fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Smoking cessation interventions and cessation rates in the oncology population: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Timing and route of amiodarone for prevention of postoperative atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a network regression meta-analysis.
Effects of right ventricular nonapical pacing on cardiac function: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Combination of a reduced dose of an intrathecal local anesthetic with a small dose of an opioid: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Evidence for working memory deficits in chronic pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between respiratory syncytial virus hospitalizations in infants and respiratory sequelae: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic Cochrane reviews in neonatology: a critical appraisal.
Accuracy of hepatobiliary scintigraphy for differentiation of neonatal hepatitis  from biliary atresia: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of studies comparing the perimeatal-based flap and tubularized incised-plate techniques for primary hypospadias repair.
[Timing of dressing removal in the healing of surgical wounds by primary intention: a meta-analysis].
DPYD IVS14+1G>A and 2846A>T genotyping for the prediction of severe fluoropyrimidine-related toxicity: a meta-analysis.
Rasagiline in Parkinson's disease: a review based on meta-analysis of clinical data.
Effect of therapeutic exercise on pain and disability in the management of chronic nonspecific neck pain: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized  trials.
Evidence-based value of subcutaneous surgical wound drainage: the largest systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of early-onset neonatal infection with maternal infection or colonization: a global systematic review and meta-analysis.
Towards universal voluntary HIV testing and counselling: a systematic review and  meta-analysis of community-based approaches.
Adjunctive aripiprazole versus placebo for antipsychotic-induced hyperprolactinemia: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Pharmacogenetics in major depression: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
White matter deficits in first episode schizophrenia: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: aerobic exercise for the treatment of anxiety disorders.
Lack of association between dendritic cell nuclear protein-1 gene and major depressive disorder in the Han Chinese population.
No association between MspI allele of the ADRA2A polymorphism and ADHD: meta-analysis of family-based studies.
Estimating remission from untreated major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recognition memory models and binary-response ROCs: a comparison by minimum description length.
On the (non) persuasive power of a brain image.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of psychosocial interventions for couples coping with cancer.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T polymorphism and susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy in Chinese type 2 diabetic patients: a meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of treatment-related mortality in cancer patients treated with EGFR-TKIs: a meta-analysis of 22 phase III randomized controlled trials.
Daily vs. intermittent inhaled corticosteroids for recurrent wheezing and mild persistent asthma: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Prehospital therapeutic hypothermia after cardiac arrest: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The PTPN22 C1858T polymorphism and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Three-dimensional localization versus fluoroscopically only guided ablations: a meta-analysis.
Robot-assisted versus laparoscopic pyeloplasty for patients with ureteropelvic junction obstruction: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rheumatoid factor as predictor of response to abatacept, rituximab and tocilizumab in rheumatoid arthritis: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of genital human papillomavirus infection with HIV acquisition: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Heparin for venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in patients with acute spinal cord injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of B vitamins and lowering homocysteine on cognitive impairment in patients with previous stroke or transient ischemic attack: a prespecified secondary analysis of a randomized, placebo-controlled trial and meta-analysis.
Pathologic predictive factors for lymph node metastasis in submucosal invasive (T1) colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Technology-assisted versus clamp-crush liver resection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open gastric resections for gastric gastrointestinal stromal  tumors: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open gastrectomy for early gastric cancer in Asia: a meta-analysis.
An institutional analysis and systematic review with meta-analysis of pneumatic versus hydrostatic reduction for pediatric intussusception.
Transparent cap colonoscopy versus standard colonoscopy: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Purse-string approximation is superior to primary skin closure following stoma reversal: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of preterm birth on later FEV1: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
D-dimer as a marker for cardiovascular and arterial thrombotic events in patients with peripheral arterial disease. A systematic review.
Do women bleed more than men when prescribed novel oral anticoagulants for venous thromboembolism? A sex-based meta-analysis.
Association of single nucleotide polymorphisms in the gene encoding platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 with the risk of myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between PAI-1 4G/5G Polymorphisms and osteonecrosis of femoral head:  a meta-analysis.
Symbiotically modified organisms: nontoxic fungal endophytes in grasses.
Quantitative assessment of the association between GSTP1 gene Ile105Val polymorphism and susceptibility to hepatocellular carcinoma.
Prognostic value of survivin expression in breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Association between microsomal epoxide hydrolase 1 polymorphisms and susceptibility to esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 Arg194Trp polymorphism is associated with oral cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Associations of three common polymorphisms in CD95 and CD95L promoter regions with gastric cancer risk.
CYP2E1 T7632A and 9-bp insertion polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 4,592 cases and 5,918 controls.
Association between FAS-1377 G/A polymorphism and susceptibility to gastric cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 null genotype contributes to increased risk of esophageal carcinoma in Chinese population.
Associations of CYP2E1 rs2031920 and rs3813867 polymorphisms with colorectal cancer risk: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Positive association between Toll-like receptor 4 gene +896A/G polymorphism and susceptibility to gastric carcinogenesis: a meta-analysis.
CYP3A5*3 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
The -590C/T polymorphism in the IL-4 gene and the risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Three common polymorphisms in the IL-4 gene and cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 5,392 cases and 6,930 controls.
XRCC3 T241M polymorphism is associated risk of hepatocellular carcinoma in the Chinese.
CYP2D6 T188C variant is associated with lung cancer risk in the Chinese population.
HFE gene C282Y variant is associated with colorectal cancer in Caucasians: a meta-analysis.
Sonographic measurement of lower uterine segment thickness to predict uterine rupture during a trial of labor in women with previous Cesarean section: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of intermittent androgen deprivation therapy vs conventional continuous  androgen deprivation therapy for advanced prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Addition of antimuscarinics to alpha-blockers for treatment of lower urinary tract symptoms in men: a meta-analysis.
The Val66Met polymorphism of the BDNF gene in anorexia nervosa: new data and a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of enhanced recovery after pancreatic surgery with particular emphasis on pancreaticoduodenectomies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials evaluating silodosin in the treatment of non-neurogenic male lower urinary tract symptoms suggestive of benign prostatic enlargement.
Systematic review of effectiveness of situated e-learning on medical and nursing  education.
[Meta analysis of effectiveness of acupoint application therapy for infantile diarrhea].
[Efficacy of the modified Epley maneuver versus modified Semont maneuver for posterior canal benign paroxysmal positional vertigo: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analyses of the associations of genome-wide association study- linked gene  loci with Kawasaki disease].
[Infertility rate in married couples of reproductive age in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
[Replantation of amputated penis in Chinese men: a meta-analysis].
[Evaluation of the heterogeneity of systematic reviews on nutrition support for burn patients with Meta-regression algorithm].
[Meta-analysis of laparoscopic versus open total mesorectal excision for middle and low rectal cancer].
[Effectiveness of norepinephrine versus dopamine for septic shock: a meta analysis].
[Meta-analysis of imatinib mesylate with or without interferon for chronic-phase  chronic myeloid leukemia].
Incident fractures in HIV-infected individuals: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exercise training undertaken by people within 12 months of lung resection for non-small cell lung cancer.
Leukodepletion for patients undergoing heart valve surgery.
Interventions (other than pharmacological, psychosocial or psychological) for treating antenatal depression.
Incidence and predictors of coronary stent thrombosis: evidence from an international collaborative meta-analysis including 30 studies, 221,066 patients, and 4276 thromboses.
Excess risk of mortality and cardiovascular events associated with smoking among  patients with diabetes: meta-analysis of observational prospective studies.
Lack of association of MiR-34b/c polymorphism (rs4938723) with hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Replication and meta-analysis of candidate loci identified variation at RAB3GAP1  associated with keratoconus.
Frequency-risk and duration-risk relationships between aspirin use and gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neuregulin-1 (NRG-1) and its susceptibility to schizophrenia: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
The DEX/CRH test for major depression: a potentially useful diagnostic test.
Severe hypoglycaemia and cardiovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis with bias analysis.
Xuebijing for paraquat poisoning.
Downregulated E-cadherin expression indicates worse prognosis in Asian patients with colorectal cancer: evidence from meta-analysis.
The incidence of first venous thromboembolism in and around pregnancy using linked primary and secondary care data: a population based cohort study from England and comparative meta-analysis.
Aliskiren and amlodipine in the management of essential hypertension: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prediction of the severity of acute pancreatitis on admission by urinary trypsinogen activation peptide: a meta-analysis.
Impact of being overweight on the surgical outcomes of patients with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk of venous thromboembolism associated with peripherally inserted central catheters: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Opioids for acute pancreatitis pain.
Acupuncture and assisted reproductive technology.
Intracellular adhesion molecule-1 K469E gene polymorphism and risk of diabetic microvascular complications: a meta-analysis.
Passive smoking and risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Use of anti-granulocyte scintigraphy with 99mTc-labeled monoclonal antibodies for the diagnosis of periprosthetic infection in patients after total joint arthroplasty: a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Telomere length and physical performance at older ages: an individual participant meta-analysis.
Association between interleukin-4 receptor α chain (IL4RA) I50V and Q551R polymorphisms and asthma risk: an update meta-analysis.
Methadone maintenance treatment participant retention and behavioural effectiveness in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical review: Efficacy of antimicrobial-impregnated catheters in external ventricular drainage - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the CAG repeat polymorphisms in androgen receptor gene with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Role of CYP1A2 1F polymorphism in cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis of 46 case-control studies.
The association between glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta polymorphisms and Parkinson's disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Potential reporting bias in fMRI studies of the brain.
Is obstructive sleep apnea associated with cardiovascular and all-cause mortality?
Vitamin D and subsequent all-age and premature mortality: a systematic review.
Antithrombotic therapy for improving maternal or infant health outcomes in women  considered at risk of placental dysfunction.
Pharmacotherapy for the prevention of chronic pain after surgery in adults.
The GSTP1 A1578G polymorphism and the risk of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: results from an updated meta-analysis.
Association of four genetic polymorphisms of AGER and its circulating forms with  coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
The acute effects of grape polyphenols supplementation on endothelial function in adults: meta-analyses of controlled trials.
The aetiological role of human papillomavirus in oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Improving understanding in the research informed consent process: a systematic review of 54 interventions tested in randomized control trials.
Genetic variants predicting left ventricular hypertrophy in a diabetic population: a Go-DARTS study including meta-analysis.
Respiratory muscle training for cervical spinal cord injury.
High intestinal cholesterol absorption is associated with cardiovascular disease  and risk alleles in ABCG8 and ABO: evidence from the LURIC and YFS cohorts and from a meta-analysis.
Same-day discharge after percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Systematic reviews and meta-analyses of home telemonitoring interventions for patients with chronic diseases: a critical assessment of their methodological quality.
Rotigotine transdermal patch in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
IL-10 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Cemented versus uncemented hemiarthroplasty for femoral neck fractures in elderly patients: a meta-analysis.
Associations between a polymorphism in the pleiotropic GCKR and Age-related phenotypes: the HALCyon programme.
Enemas during labour.
Vitamin D supplementation and breast cancer prevention: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Outcomes for efavirenz versus nevirapine-containing regimens for treatment of HIV-1 infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
IDH1/IDH2 mutations define the prognosis and molecular profiles of patients with  gliomas: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of 2q35-rs13387042 polymorphism and hormone receptor status with breast cancer risk.
Genetics of coronary artery calcification among African Americans, a meta-analysis.
Use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Association of methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase 1 polymorphisms with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of Ezrin in solid tumors: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and gastric cardia adenocarcinoma shared susceptibility locus in PLCE1: a meta-analysis.
Significant impact of the MTHFR polymorphisms and haplotypes on male infertility  risk.
Postoperative chemoradiotherapy versus postoperative chemotherapy for completely  resected gastric cancer with D2 Lymphadenectomy: a meta-analysis.
KCNE1 rs1805127 polymorphism increases the risk of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of 10 studies.
Benefits and harms of treating gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis for the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force and the National Institutes of Health Office of Medical Applications of Research.
Lack of association between Fas rs180082 polymorphism and risk of cervical cancer: an update by meta-analysis.
Interventions for implementation of thromboprophylaxis in hospitalized medical and surgical patients at risk for venous thromboembolism.
Padma 28 for intermittent claudication.
Effectiveness of renal denervation therapy for resistant hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
APOE genotype and MRI markers of cerebrovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of HIV and syphilis infection among high school and college student MSM in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exogenous and endogenous hormones in relation to glioma in women: a meta-analysis of 11 case-control studies.
Development and validation of a risk score predicting substantial weight gain over 5 years in middle-aged European men and women.
Functional polymorphisms in the CYP2C19 gene contribute to digestive system cancer risk: evidence from 11,042 subjects.
Meta-analysis of stem cell therapy in chronic ischemic cardiomyopathy.
Meta-analysis of cohort studies of baseline prehypertension and risk of coronary  heart disease.
Liver aminotransferases and risk of incident type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between the PPARγ2 Pro12Ala polymorphism and nephropathy susceptibility in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis based on 9,176 subjects.
Association between ADAM33 S2 and ST+4 polymorphisms and susceptibility to asthma: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between CCR2-V64I polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Intake of fruit and vegetables and risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a  meta-analysis of observational studies.
Efficacy and safety of statins in the prevention of atherosclerosis in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Sirolimus-eluting stents reduce long-term mortality compared with bare metal stents in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Percutaneous coronary intervention with or without on-site coronary artery bypass surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functional electrical stimulation for chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Incidence, etiology and predictors of adverse outcomes in 43,315 patients presenting to the Emergency Department with syncope: an international meta-analysis.
Association between the C242T polymorphism of p22phox gene and ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the relationship between exposure to ELF-EMFs and the risk of  female breast cancer.
Association of Helicobacter pylori babA2 with peptic ulcer disease and gastric cancer.
Hepatitis B or C viral infection and risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
β-Blockers for the prevention of sudden cardiac death in heart failure patients:  a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Hydrogel dressings for healing diabetic foot ulcers.
Are platelet-rich products necessary during the arthroscopic repair of full-thickness rotator cuff tears: a meta-analysis.
Differentially expressed genes in the pre-eclamptic placenta: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fluoride varnishes for preventing dental caries in children and adolescents.
Platinum-based versus non-platinum-based chemotherapy as first line treatment of  inoperable, advanced gastric adenocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Single-row or double-row fixation technique for full-thickness rotator cuff tears: a meta-analysis.
The hMLH1 promoter polymorphisms and cancer susceptibility in Asian populations:  a meta-analysis.
Myeloperoxidase G-463A polymorphism and susceptibility to coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Suppression of HBV by tenofovir in HBV/HIV coinfected patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms in Matrix Metalloproteinases -1 and -7 and susceptibility to gastric cancer: an association study and meta-analysis.
Interleukin-13 -1112 C/T promoter polymorphism confers risk for COPD: a meta-analysis.
The rs2233678 polymorphism in PIN1 promoter region reduced cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
External suction versus water seal after selective pulmonary resection for lung neoplasm: a systematic review.
Lack of association between the interleukin 6 gene -174G>C polymorphism and colorectal cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Anthracycline-containing regimens for treatment of follicular lymphoma in adults.
Meta-analysis of high-energy extracorporeal shock wave therapy in recalcitrant plantar fasciitis.
Safety and efficacy of single-incision laparoscopic surgery for appendectomies: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of early discharge planning in acutely ill or injured hospitalized  older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Optimal schedule of bacillus calmette-guerin for non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer: a meta-analysis of comparative studies.
The reduced folate carrier (RFC-1) 80A>G polymorphism and maternal risk of having a child with Down syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Association of CD247 polymorphisms with rheumatoid arthritis: a replication study and a meta-analysis.
Association between transforming growth factor-beta 1 T869C polymorphism and ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the empirical evidence of study publication bias and outcome reporting bias - an updated review.
Peritoneal closure versus no peritoneal closure for patients undergoing non-obstetric abdominal operations.
Meta-analysis of adiponectin polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk.
CYP1B1 polymorphisms and susceptibility to prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Mitochondrial common deletion, a potential biomarker for cancer occurrence, is selected against in cancer background: a meta-analysis of 38 studies.
Efficacy and safety profile of combining vandetanib with chemotherapy in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
The correlation analysis of two common polymorphisms in STAT6 gene and the risk of asthma: a meta-analysis.
The health economic impact of disease management programs for COPD: a systematic  literature review and meta-analysis.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for short-term catheter bladder drainage in adults.
Comparison 30-day clinical complications between transfemoral versus transapical  aortic valve replacement for aortic stenosis: a meta-analysis review.
Non-physician clinician provided HIV treatment results in equivalent outcomes as  physician-provided care: a meta-analysis.
Associations of ATR and CHEK1 single nucleotide polymorphisms with breast cancer.
Transarterial chemoembolization in combination with local therapies for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Factors associated with patient, and diagnostic delays in Chinese TB patients: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Steroids for idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss.
Small bowel feeding and risk of pneumonia in adult critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The association between XPC Lys939Gln gene polymorphism and urinary bladder cancer susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assay sensitivity and study features in neuropathic pain trials: an ACTTION meta-analysis.
Are C-reactive protein associated genetic variants associated with serum levels and retinal markers of microvascular pathology in Asian populations from Singapore?
The use of biatain Ag in hard-to-heal venous leg ulcers: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Sex differences in stroke case fatality: a meta-analysis.
Further evidence for association of polymorphisms in the CNR1 gene with cocaine addiction: confirmation in an independent sample and meta-analysis.
An international systematic review and meta-analysis of multisession psychosocial interventions compared with educational or minimal interventions on the HIV sex risk behaviors of people who use drugs.
Effect of core laboratory and multiple-reader interpretation of angiographic images on follow-up outcomes of coiled cerebral aneurysms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the impact of oral anti-viral agents on the incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic hepatitis B.
Assessment accommodations on tests of academic achievement for students who are deaf or hard of hearing: a qualitative meta-analysis of the research literature.
Effect of atrioventricular and ventriculoventricular delay optimization on clinical and echocardiographic outcomes of patients treated with cardiac resynchronization therapy: a meta-analysis.
Circulating and dietary magnesium and risk of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Egg consumption in relation to risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tracking the molecular features of nonpolypoid colorectal neoplasms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dialysate calcium concentration and mineral metabolism in long and long-frequent  hemodialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis for a Canadian Society of Nephrology clinical practice guideline.
Effect of antithrombin, protein C and protein S on portal vein thrombosis in liver cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Vitrectomy with or without preoperative intravitreal bevacizumab for proliferative diabetic retinopathy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prevalence of peg-shaped maxillary permanent lateral incisors: A meta-analysis.
Quantification of hearing loss associated with superior semi-circular canal dehiscence.
Effectiveness of extracorporeal shock wave therapy in chronic plantar fasciitis:  a meta-analysis.
The separation anxiety hypothesis of panic disorder revisited: a meta-analysis.
Is magnetic resonance imaging reliable in predicting clinical outcome after articular cartilage repair of the knee? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis examining the use of tacker mesh fixation versus glue mesh fixation in laparoscopic inguinal hernia repair.
The facilitatory effects of intravenous dexmedetomidine on the duration of spinal anesthesia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Perioperative systemic magnesium to minimize postoperative pain: a meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Bortezomib for patients with previously untreated multiple myeloma: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is prostate-specific antigen effective for population screening of prostate cancer? A systematic review.
Statins are associated with reduced risk of gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cruciferous vegetables consumption and the risk of female lung cancer: a prospective study and a meta-analysis.
Novel genetic variants associated with lumbar disc degeneration in northern Europeans: a meta-analysis of 4600 subjects.
Gentamicin-collagen implants to reduce surgical site infection: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Correlation of p53 status with the response to chemotherapy-based treatment in esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Circulating tumor cells and prognosis of patients with resectable colorectal liver metastases or widespread metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Lateral lymph-node dissection for rectal cancer: meta-analysis of all 944 cases undergoing surgery during 1975-2004.
Association of ACE gene I/D polymorphism with vitiligo: a meta-analysis.
Elastic resistance training to increase muscle strength in elderly: a systematic  review with meta-analysis.
Oral contraceptive use and uterine leiomyoma risk: a meta-analysis based on cohort and case-control studies.
Prognostic role of human epidermal growth factor receptor in gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do we really need tranexamic acid in total hip arthroplasty? A meta-analysis of nineteen randomized controlled trials.
Effect of psychological interventions on depressive symptoms in long-term rehabilitation after an acquired brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of an ankle-foot orthosis on balance and walking after stroke: a systematic review and pooled meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of energy conservation treatment in reducing fatigue in multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Male-specific region of the Y chromosome and cardiovascular risk: phylogenetic analysis and gene expression studies.
Does smoking reduce the progression of osteoarthritis? Meta-analysis of observational studies.
Cancer incidence in systemic sclerosis: meta-analysis of population-based cohort  studies.
Meta-analysis of the correlation between PTPN22 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus.
Meta-analysis of green tea drinking and the prevalence of gynecological tumors in women.
Efficacy and safety of Chinese herbal medicine for benign prostatic hyperplasia:  systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of local anaesthetics for premature ejaculation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Double versus single homologous intrauterine insemination for male factor infertility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cytokine alterations in bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis of 30 studies.
Ketoconazole associated hepatotoxicity: a systematic review and meta- analysis.
Knowledge and periconceptional use of folic acid for the prevention of neural tube defects in ethnic communities in the United Kingdom: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of birth prevalence of neural tube defects in India.
Double-bundle medial patellofemoral ligament reconstruction with hamstring tendon autograft and mediolateral patellar tunnel fixation: a meta-analysis of outcomes  and complications.
The surface area of the hand and the palm for estimating percentage of total body surface area: results of a meta-analysis.
Socioeconomic status as a risk factor for dementia death: individual participant  meta-analysis of 86 508 men and women from the UK.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of hypothermic machine perfusion versus static cold storage of kidney allografts on transplant outcomes.
Meta-analysis of contemporary short- and long-term mortality rates in patients diagnosed with critical leg ischaemia.
Sulbactam-based therapy for Acinetobacter baumannii infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of moxifloxacin-based triple therapy in treatment of Helicobacter pylori infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Five or more years of adjuvant endocrine therapy in breast cancer: a meta-analysis of published randomised trials.
A meta-analysis of gene expression-based biomarkers predicting outcome after tamoxifen treatment in breast cancer.
A meta-analysis of cognitive-behavioural therapy for adult depression, alone and  in comparison with other treatments.
Physical activity and risk of lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy for nonmetastatic esophago-gastric adenocarcinomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study of genetic predictors of overall survival for non-small cell lung cancer in never smokers.
Effects of percutaneous revascularization of chronic total occlusions on clinical outcomes: a meta-analysis comparing successful versus failed percutaneous intervention for chronic total occlusion.
A meta-analysis of the genomic and transcriptomic composition of complex life.
Simulation-based bronchoscopy training: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Triple antithrombotic therapy versus double antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention with stent implantation in patients requiring  chronic oral anticoagulation: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of normal stress cardiac magnetic resonance in patients with known or suspected coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Validation and prognosis of coronary artery calcium scoring in nontriggered thoracic computed tomography: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative tolerability and harms of individual statins: a study-level network meta-analysis of 246 955 participants from 135 randomized, controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of dynamic tests and related force plate parameters used to evaluate neuromusculoskeletal function in foot and ankle pathology.
Leptin levels in patients with psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Pathway analysis of genome-wide association studies on rheumatoid arthritis.
Rectal nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs are superior to pancreatic duct stents in preventing pancreatitis after endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography: a network meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of self-administered vs directly observed therapy effect on microbiologic failure, relapse, and acquired drug resistance in tuberculosis patients.
A meta-analysis of cortical inhibition and excitability using transcranial magnetic stimulation in psychiatric disorders.
Efficacy of hypnosis in adults undergoing surgery or medical procedures: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis of aspirin, warfarin, and new anticoagulants for stroke prevention in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation.
Vascular endothelial growth factor gene promoter polymorphisms and Alzheimer's disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between Helicobacter pylori infection and the risk of colorectal neoplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of laparoscopic vs open restorative proctocolectomy.
Is colectomy for fulminant Clostridium difficile colitis life saving? A systematic review.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of histopathological factors influencing the  risk of lymph node metastasis in early colorectal cancer.
Remote care costs for congestive heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in the United States comparing remote versus more intensive care settings.
Does the central venous pressure predict fluid responsiveness? An updated meta-analysis and a plea for some common sense.
Mechanical versus manual chest compressions in out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: a  meta-analysis.
Venous thromboembolic events with vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Association between the IL10 -1082A>G (rs1800896) single-nucleotide polymorphism  and atopic dermatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of sulphonylurea treatment with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Serum uric acid levels and incidence of impaired fasting glucose and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Progression rates from HbA1c 6.0-6.4% and other prediabetes definitions to type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Common carotid intima-media thickness does not add to Framingham risk score in individuals with diabetes mellitus: the USE-IMT initiative.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln, Arg194Trp, and Arg280His polymorphisms in esophageal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Rebamipide helps defend against nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs induced gastroenteropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Combination of radiofrequency ablation with transarterial chemoembolization for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
ALDH2 rs671 Polymorphism and coronary heart disease risk among Asian populations: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Efficacy and safety of new oral anticoagulants for extended treatment of venous thromboembolism: systematic review and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials.
Predictive value of the Bayley scales of infant development on development of very preterm/very low birth weight children: a meta-analysis.
Ultrasound guidance for difficult peripheral venous access: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Triclosan occurrence in freshwater systems in the United States (1999-2012): a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of sentinel lymph node biopsy in head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk of subsequent cutaneous malignancy in patients with prior keratinocyte carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The magnitude and predictors of abandonment of therapy in paediatric acute leukaemia in middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus as an independent risk factor for lung cancer: a meta-analysis  of observational studies.
Childcare attendance and Helicobacter pylori infection: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hepatitis B virus status and the risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
GSTM1 and GSTT1 genetic polymorphisms and risk of anti-tuberculosis drug-induced  hepatotoxicity: an updated meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of prospective studies of coffee consumption and mortality for all causes, cancers and cardiovascular diseases.
The efficacy and safety of low-molecular-weight heparin use for cancer treatment: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor Fok I polymorphism is associated with low bone mineral density in postmenopausal women: a meta-analysis focused on populations in Asian countries.
Perinatal outcomes of isolated oligohydramnios at term and post-term pregnancy: a systematic review of literature with meta-analysis.
Lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio and lamellar body count for fetal lung maturity: a meta-analysis.
Etanercept in the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials, and the comparison  of the Caucasian and Chinese population.
Is complete lymph node dissection after a positive sentinel lymph node biopsy for cutaneous melanoma always necessary? A meta-analysis.
Contralateral carotid occlusion in endovascular and surgical carotid revascularization: a single centre experience with literature review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the retroperitoneal versus the transperitoneal approach to the abdominal aorta.
Resistance to antidepressant treatment is associated with polymorphisms in the leptin gene, decreased leptin mRNA expression, and decreased leptin serum levels.
Clinical examination versus magnetic resonance imaging in the pretreatment staging of cervical carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Resistance to fluoroquinolones and second-line injectable drugs: impact on multidrug-resistant TB outcomes.
Outpatient versus inpatient treatment in patients with pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
Drug resistance beyond extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis: individual patient data meta-analysis.
Anterior approach versus posterior approach for the treatment of multilevel cervical spondylotic myelopathy: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
The role of 11C-choline and 18F-fluorocholine positron emission tomography (PET)  and PET/CT in prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Germline homeobox B13 (HOXB13) G84E mutation and prostate cancer risk in European descendants: a meta-analysis of 24,213 cases and 73, 631 controls.
The efficacy and safety of cardiac resynchronization therapy combined with implantable cardioverter defibrillator for heart failure: a meta-analysis of 5674 patients.
Interventions for promoting reintegration and reducing harmful behaviour and lifestyles in street-connected children and young people.
Rasagiline meta-analysis: a spotlight on clinical safety and adverse events when  treating Parkinson's disease.
Safety of celecoxib compared with placebo and non-selective NSAIDs: cumulative meta-analysis of 89 randomized controlled trials.
Remote magnetic navigation for catheter ablation of atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
From lead management to implanted patient management: systematic review and meta-analysis of the last 15 years of experience in lead extraction.
Fertility treatment and childhood cancer risk: a systematic meta-analysis.
Dietary fiber intake reduces risk for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Antipsychotic prophylaxis in surgical patients modestly decreases delirium incidence--but not duration--in high-incidence samples: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-18 gene polymorphisms and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Association between the XRCC3 T241M polymorphism and risk of cancer: evidence from 157 case-control studies.
Association between the LCE3C_LCE3B deletion polymorphism and susceptibility to psoriasis: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Association of GSTM1 and GSTT1 genes with the susceptibility to male infertility: result from a meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor 936 c>T polymorphism increased oral cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Rethinking "probiotics".
Association between the (TAAAA)n SHBG polymorphism and PCOS: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Lymphatic mapping and sentinel node biopsy in squamous cell carcinoma of the vulva: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Prognostic biomarkers of survival in oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reduce risk of sudden cardiac death and ventricular arrhythmias? A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Lower incidence of hepatic metastases of colorectal cancer in patients with chronic liver diseases: meta-analysis.
Maintenance treatment of mild gastroesophageal reflux disease with proton pump inhibitors taken on-demand: a meta-analysis.
Radiofrequency ablation versus cryosurgery ablation for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Sustained virological response and baseline predictors in HIV-HCV coinfected patients retreated with pegylated interferon and ribavirin after failing a previous interferon-based therapy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the role of vascular resection in the treatment of hilar cholangiocarcinoma.
Neural substrates of the self-memory system: new insights from a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in five cohorts reveals common variants in RBFOX1, a regulator of tissue-specific splicing, associated with refractive error.
Testicular germ cell tumor susceptibility associated with the UCK2 locus on chromosome 1q23.
Impact of Caesarean section on subsequent fertility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risks associated with bacterial vaginosis in infertility patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assisted reproductive technology and birth defects: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Placental protein 13 (PP13): a new biological target shifting individualized risk assessment to personalized drug design combating pre-eclampsia.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials of telmisartan vs. valsartan therapy for blood pressure reduction.
Adiponectin levels and the risk of hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of intradermal versus intramuscular influenza vaccines: immunogenicity and adverse events.
Fruits and vegetables consumption and risk of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
A meta-analytic overview of thrombectomy during primary angioplasty.
Right versus left radial artery access for coronary procedures: an international  collaborative systematic review and meta-analysis including 5 randomized trials and 3210 patients.
A meta-analysis of the C1420T polymorphism in cytosolic serine hydroxymethyltransferase (SHMT1) among Caucasian colorectal cancer populations.
IL-10 promoter polymorphism associated with decreased risk of aGvHD after stem cell transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Augmentation of antipsychotic drug action by azapirone 5-HT1A receptor partial agonists: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of individual second-generation vs. first-generation antipsychotics in first-episode psychosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of cesarean section on offspring overweight and obesity: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Surgical techniques for alveolar socket preservation: a systematic review.
Postthrombolysis intracranial hemorrhage risk of cerebral microbleeds in acute stroke patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for diabetic ulcers: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Epidural steroid injection therapy for low back pain: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of artificial total disc replacement versus fusion for lumbar degenerative disc disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prognostic value of troponins in sepsis: a meta-analysis.
Noninvasive ventilation in chest trauma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nurse-delivered collaborative care for depression and long-term physical conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy for atopic dermatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Geriatric patient care by U.S. pharmacists in healthcare teams: systematic review and meta-analyses.
Causes and prevalence of unplanned readmissions after colorectal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Causes of hospital admission for people with dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of sex differences in physical ability: revised estimates and strategies for reducing differences in selection contexts.
A decade of EEG Theta/Beta Ratio Research in ADHD: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of social skills interventions of single-case research for individuals with autism spectrum disorders: results from three-level HLM.
Recognition of emotions in autism: a formal meta-analysis.
Tuberculosis prevalence in renal transplant recipients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
High circulating VEGF level predicts poor overall survival in lung cancer.
Coronary CT angiography versus intravascular ultrasound for estimation of coronary stenosis and atherosclerotic plaque burden: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of a urine-based pneumococcal antigen test for diagnosis of community-acquired pneumonia caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae.
A meta-analysis of cervical arthroplasty compared to anterior cervical discectomy and fusion for single-level cervical disc disease.
Antipsychotics for primary alcohol dependence: a systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
Less is more in antidepressant clinical trials: a meta-analysis of the effect of  visit frequency on treatment response and dropout.
Risk of hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation in non-Hodgkin lymphoma patients receiving rituximab-chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Female predominance and effect of sex on Parry-Romberg syndrome.
Diabetes mellitus and incidence and mortality of kidney cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of digital dermoscopy follow-up of melanocytic skin lesions: a study on behalf of the International Dermoscopy Society.
Heterogeneity of existing research relating to sexual violence, sexual assault and rape precludes meta-analysis of injury data.
The French-Canadian data set of Demirjian for dental age estimation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of gastrointestinal adverse effects between cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors and non-selective, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs plus proton pump inhibitors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of interleukin 28B polymorphisms on spontaneous clearance of hepatitis C virus infection: a meta-analysis.
Chewing gum reduces postoperative ileus following abdominal surgery: a meta-analysis of 17 randomized controlled trials.
Internalizing problems of adults with learning disabilities: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide studies identifies MEF2C SNPs associated with bone mineral density at forearm.
CYP46A1 T/C polymorphism associated with the APOE ε4 allele increases the risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Dissociation of vasospasm-related morbidity and outcomes in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage treated with clazosentan: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of ovarian torsion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of intravitreal bevacizumab in branch retinal vein occlusion.
Genetic background of nonsyndromic oligodontia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Structural brain anomalies and chronic pain: a quantitative meta-analysis of gray matter volume.
Maternal education level and low birth weight: a meta-analysis.
Incidence and prevalence of eosinophilic esophagitis in children.
Amblyopia risk factor prevalence.
Neurodevelopmental outcomes of very low birth weight infants with neonatal sepsis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of periodontal treatment to improve metabolic control in patients with chronic periodontitis and type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Are short dental implants (<10 mm) effective? a meta-analysis on prospective clinical trials.
Allometry of factor VIII and informed scaling of next-generation therapeutic proteins.
Propranolol's effects on the consolidation and reconsolidation of long-term emotional memory in healthy participants: a meta-analysis.
Antipsychotic drugs in cocaine dependence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Improved survival of patients with pseudomyxoma peritonei receiving intraperitoneal chemotherapy with cytoreductive surgery: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and meta-regression of telehealth programmes for patients with chronic heart failure.
Impact of double-blind vs. open study design on the observed treatment effects of new oral anticoagulants in atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of lung ultrasound for pulmonary embolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical efficacy, safety and tolerability of collagenase clostridium histolyticum for the treatment of peyronie disease in 2 large double-blind, randomized, placebo controlled phase 3 studies.
Late thrombosis after double versus single drug-eluting stent in the treatment of coronary bifurcations: a meta-analysis of randomized and observational Studies.
Perinatal infections and neurodevelopmental outcome in very preterm and very low-birth-weight infants: a meta-analysis.
Stimulant medication and substance use outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Performance of evidence-based youth psychotherapies compared with usual clinical  care: a multilevel meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic and mechanical strategies for preventing venous thromboembolism after bariatric surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical and radiological efficacy of biologics in rheumatoid arthritis patients naive or inadequately responsive to methotrexate.
Prevalence of depression in chronic kidney disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Complications following hip arthroscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of arthroscopic joint debridement in the knee osteoarthritis: results of a meta-analysis.
Primary ligament sutures as a treatment option of knee dislocations: a meta-analysis.
MRI lesions as a surrogate for relapses in multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Depression and anxiety in long-term cancer survivors compared with spouses and healthy controls: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of vascular endothelial growth factor expression in adult patients with acute myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of K-RAS mutations in patients with non-small cell lung cancer:  a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Oral magnesium supplements decrease high blood pressure (SBP>155 mmHg) in hypertensive subjects on anti-hypertensive medications: a targeted meta-analysis.
[Channeled videolaryngoscope: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
[Airtraq for difficult airways: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
Effect of zinc intake on serum/plasma zinc status in infants: a meta-analysis.
Metformin and sulfonylureas in relation to cancer risk in type II diabetes patients: a meta-analysis using primary data of published studies.
[Salmonella serovars isolated in Turkey up to the end of year 2011].
Association of TNFSF4 polymorphisms with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Significant association between GSTT1 null genotype and susceptibility to pancreatic cancer.
Quantitative analysis of the association between interleukin-10 1082A/G polymorphism and susceptibility to sepsis.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism contributes to increased risk of colorectal cancer in Chinese population.
The angiotensinogen gene M235T polymorphism and acute myocardial infarction risk: a meta-analysis of 22 studies.
The Cdx-2 polymorphism in the VDR gene is associated with increased risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
An integrated analysis of the association between Ts gene polymorphisms and clinical outcome in gastric and colorectal cancer patients treated with 5-FU-based regimens.
Positive correlation between variants of lipid metabolism‑related genes and coronary heart disease.
Whole-exome sequencing and imaging genetics identify functional variants for rate of change in hippocampal volume in mild cognitive impairment.
Molecular genetics of obsessive-compulsive disorder: a comprehensive meta-analysis of genetic association studies.
[Side effects and risk profile of lithium: critical assessment of a systematic review and meta-analysis].
[Seizure outcomes of cerebral hemispherectomy in adults: A systematic review and  individual patient data meta-analysis].
Association of angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism (rs4646994) with the risk of primary intracerebral hemorrhage.
Gray matter atrophy in progressive supranuclear palsy: meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Endoscopic surgery for tuberculum sellae meningiomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of 18F-FDG PET/CT in patients with fever of unknown origin: a meta-analysis.
Fasting and post-prandial glucose and diabetic complication. A meta-analysis.
Lower n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid values in patients with phenylketonuria: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary fiber and the risk of precancerous lesions and cancer of the esophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on some risk for developing type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis on controlled clinical trials.
Empirical evidence does not support an association between less ambitious pre-treatment goals and better treatment outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Adiponectin and incident coronary heart disease and stroke. A systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Comparison between laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy and laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding for morbid obesity: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis: to compare the clinical results between gastric bypass and sleeve gastrectomy for the obese patients.
Pro12Ala variant of the PPARG2 gene increases body mass index: An updated meta-analysis encompassing 49,092 subjects.
Oral contraceptive pills as primary prevention for ovarian cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surgical management of rhegmatogenous retinal detachment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Attributes associated with eye care use in the United States: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of temporary versus no clamping in TKA.
Effects of exercise on fracture reduction in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the complications associated with osseointegrated hearing aids.
Image-guided surgery influences perioperative morbidity from endoscopic sinus surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is intraoperative dexmedetomidine a new option for postoperative pain treatment?  A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of unilateral versus bilateral kyphoplasty for osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures.
Efficacy and safety profile of combining agents against epidermal growth factor receptor or vascular endothelium growth factor receptor with gemcitabine-based chemotherapy in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of new interventions for peripheral intravenous cannulation of children.
Does off-pump coronary revascularization reduce mortality in re-operative coronary artery surgery? A meta-analysis of observational studies.
SCN1A, SCN2A and SCN3A gene polymorphisms and responsiveness to antiepileptic drugs: a multicenter cohort study and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the literature on the outcomes of treatment for recurrent  and persistent carpal tunnel syndrome.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase is associated with cardiovascular and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Symptom dimensions are associated with age of onset and clinical course of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Meta-analysis of functional brain imaging in specific phobia.
Investment and intellect: a review and meta-analysis.
Sustaining attention to simple tasks: a meta-analytic review of the neural mechanisms of vigilant attention.
Can cognitive models explain brain activation during word and pseudoword reading? A meta-analysis of 36 neuroimaging studies.
The efficacy of mindfulness-based stress reduction on mental health of breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Effects of exercise training on fatigue in multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Folate intake and pancreatic cancer risk: an overall and dose-response meta-analysis.
The comparison of CPAP and oral appliances in treatment of patients with OSA: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exhaled nitric oxide to predict corticosteroid responsiveness and reduce asthma exacerbation rates.
Significant association between asthma risk and the GSTM1 and GSTT1 deletion polymorphisms: an updated meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Intravitreal anti-vascular endothelial growth factor for choroidal neovascularization secondary to pathologic myopia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Human experimental anxiety: actual public speaking induces more intense physiological responses than simulated public speaking.
Reassessing the benefits of statins in the prevention of cardiovascular disease in diabetic patients--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of IL12B polymorphisms (rs3212227, rs6887695) with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
Acupuncture for gouty arthritis: a concise report of a systematic and meta-analysis approach.
Do antioxidants prevent colorectal cancer? A meta-analysis.
Dental caries. A meta analysis on a Saudi population.
Prognostic value of late gadolinium enhancement in dilated cardiomyopathy patients. A meta-analysis.
Miscarriage and occupational activity: a systematic review and meta-analysis regarding shift work, working hours, lifting, standing, and physical workload.
Life events and psychosis: a review and meta-analysis.
At risk for schizophrenic or affective psychoses? A meta-analysis of DSM/ICD diagnostic outcomes in individuals at high clinical risk.
Trends in HIV prevalence among men who have sex with men in China 2003-09: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus, admission glucose, and outcomes after stroke thrombolysis: a registry and systematic review.
Cholesterol levels and risk of hemorrhagic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endovascular treatment of intracranial aneurysms in elderly patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of pain education in cancer patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of epidural analgesia on bowel function in laparoscopic colorectal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Blunt versus bladed trocars in laparoscopic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Laparoscopy-assisted gastrectomy versus open gastrectomy for resectable gastric cancer: an update meta-analysis based on randomized controlled trials.
Is single-incision laparoscopic cholecystectomy safe? Results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preoperative versus intraoperative endoscopic sphincterotomy in patients with gallbladder and suspected common bile duct stones: system review and meta-analysis.
Is there an evidence-based argument for embracing an antimicrobial (triclosan)-coated suture technology to reduce the risk for surgical-site infections?: A meta-analysis.
Intraocular pressure monitoring post intravitreal steroids: a systematic review.
Location of venous thrombosis in patients with FVL or prothrombin G20210A mutations: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antivenom therapy of carpet viper (Echis ocellatus) envenoming: effectiveness and strategies for delivery in West Africa.
Diagnostic value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography for biliary complications in orthotopic liver transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Roux-en-Y choledochojejunostomy versus duct-to-duct biliary anastomosis in liver  transplantation for primary sclerosing cholangitis: a meta-analysis.
Intrafetal laser treatment for twin reversed arterial perfusion sequence: cohort  study and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of the association between adiponectin gene +276g/T polymorphisms  and coronary atherosclerotic heart disease].
[Prevalence of HIV among men who have sex with men of inland high school and college students in China: a meta-analysis].
Brainstem cavernous malformations: 1390 surgical cases from the literature.
Association of Helicobacter pylori with elevated blood ammonia levels in cirrhotic patients: a meta-analysis.
[Meta analysis of infection risks of anti-TNF-α treatment in rheumatoid arthritis].
[Meta-analysis of risk factors for childhood cerebral palsy during pregnancy].
[Meta-analysis of association between E-cadherin promoter methylation and lung cancer risk].
[Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of telaprevir combined with peginterferon alfa plus ribavirin in patients with chronic hepatitis C].
[Comparing hydroxyapatite coated versus non hydroxyapatite coated femoral stems in primary total hip arthroplasty: a meta analysis of randomized controlled trial].
[Meta-analysis of extralevator abdominoperineal excision and conventional abdominoperineal excision for low rectal cancer].
Maintenance chemotherapy for ovarian cancer.
Comparing bona fide psychotherapies of depression in adults with two meta-analytical approaches.
Large scale meta-analyses of fasting plasma glucose raising variants in GCK, GCKR, MTNR1B and G6PC2 and their impacts on type 2 diabetes mellitus risk.
Complications of absorbable fixation in maxillofacial surgery: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparison of endoscopic papillary balloon dilatation and endoscopic sphincteropapillotomy.
Meta-analysis of radiofrequency ablation in combination with transarterial chemoembolization for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Clinical prognostic factors for disabling Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of circulating tumor cells detection in gastric cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intake of fish and marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of breast cancer: meta-analysis of data from 21 independent prospective cohort studies.
Lithium in the prevention of suicide in mood disorders: updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Decentralising HIV treatment in lower- and middle-income countries.
Risk of bladder cancer in patients with diabetes mellitus: an updated meta-analysis of 36 observational studies.
Transcriptome meta-analysis reveals a central role for sex steroids in the degeneration of hippocampal neurons in Alzheimer's disease.
Obstetric complications in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing influenza vaccine efficacy against mismatched and matched strains: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of infections in renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and non-RCC patients treated with mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors.
The prognostic value of CDKN2A hypermethylation in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Alginate dressings for healing diabetic foot ulcers.
Association of vitamin D receptor BsmI gene polymorphism with risk of tuberculosis: a meta-analysis of 15 studies.
Meta-analyses of the 5-HTTLPR polymorphisms and post-traumatic stress disorder.
[Incidence of pulmonary embolism in patients with acute exacerbations of chronic  obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis].
Topiramate for the prophylaxis of episodic migraine in adults.
Legume consumption and colorectal adenoma risk: a meta-analysis of observational  studies.
PLCE1 polymorphism and upper gastrointestinal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism and the risk of coronary artery disease in Chinese population: evidence from a meta-analysis of 40 studies.
Polymorphisms in the vitamin D Receptor (VDR) and the risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Oxytocin versus no treatment or delayed treatment for slow progress in the first  stage of spontaneous labour.
Anaemia, prenatal iron use, and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Screening for lung cancer.
Comparisons between intragastric and small intestinal delivery of enteral nutrition in the critically ill: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of mixed-treatment-comparison methods in estimating efficacy of treatments for heavy menstrual bleeding.
Xiaoxuming decoction for acute ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of endoscopic ultrasound in pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors: a systematic review and meta analysis.
Time characteristics of the effect of alcohol cessation on the risk of stomach cancer--a meta-analysis.
High-dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation for patients with relapsed/refractory Hodgkin lymphoma.
Nasogastric or nasojejunal feeding in predicted severe acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Impact of statin dose on major cardiovascular events: a mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis involving more than 175,000 patients.
Bone mineral density and all-cause, cardiovascular and stroke mortality: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Intermittent versus continuous exercise training in chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Benefits and adverse events in younger versus older patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy for osteosarcoma: findings from a meta-analysis.
Job strain and cardiovascular disease risk factors: meta-analysis of individual-participant data from 47,000 men and women.
Identification of the tyrosine-protein phosphatase non-receptor type 2 as a rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility locus in europeans.
Targeted interventions for improved equity in maternal and child health in low- and middle-income settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The MPO-463G>A polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 22 case-control studies.
The efficacy and adverse reaction of bleeding of clopidogrel plus aspirin as compared to aspirin alone after stroke or TIA: a systematic review.
Vitamin D3 receptor ( VDR ) gene rs2228570 (Fok1) and rs731236 (Taq1) variants are not associated with the risk for multiple sclerosis: results of a new study and a meta-analysis.
Angiogenesis inhibitor bevacizumab increases the risk of ischemic heart disease associated with chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
The contribution of HIV to pregnancy-related mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Educational and skills-based interventions for preventing relationship and dating violence in adolescents and young adults.
The autonomic brain: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis for central processing of autonomic function.
Effectiveness and harms of recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 in spine fusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety and effectiveness of recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 for spinal fusion: a meta-analysis of individual-participant data.
Interferon alpha for the adjuvant treatment of cutaneous melanoma.
[Endovenous laser ablation versus conventional surgery for great saphenous varicose veins:meta-analysis of randomized trials].
Routine intraoperative ureteric stenting for kidney transplant recipients.
Quantitative assessment of the association between MHTFR C677T (rs1801133, Ala222Val) polymorphism and susceptibility to bladder cancer.
ABO blood group and risk of pancreatic cancer: a study in Shanghai and meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism and risk of myocardial infarction in an updated meta-analysis based on 34993 participants.
Association between -251A>T polymorphism in the interleukin-8 gene and oral cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of microRNA expression in lung cancer.
Risk of venous thromboembolic events associated with VEGFR-TKIs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The involvement of the RET variant G691S in medullary thyroid carcinoma enlightened by a meta-analysis study.
Age at menarche and risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Resistance at virological failure using boosted protease inhibitors versus nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors as first-line antiretroviral therapy--implications for sustained efficacy of ART in resource-limited settings.
Eradication of Helicobacter pylori for prevention of ulcer recurrence after simple closure of perforated peptic ulcer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The C825T polymorphism of the G-protein β3 subunit gene and its association with  hypertension and stroke: an updated meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of HIF-1α expression in hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of a bundled intervention of decolonization and prophylaxis to decrease Gram positive surgical site infections after cardiac or orthopedic surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nocturnal non-invasive positive pressure ventilation for stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Vascular endothelial growth factor +936C/T polymorphism and cancer risk in Asians: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis demonstrates lack of a relationship between XRCC1-399 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to hepatocellular carcinoma.
A comprehensive study indicates PRSS1 gene is significantly associated with pancreatitis.
Epidemiology of major depressive disorder in mainland china: a systematic review.
Quantitative assessment of the association between rs2046210 at 6q25.1 and breast cancer risk.
Incidence and risk of treatment-related mortality with mTOR inhibitors everolimus and temsirolimus in cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
A comparative assessment of three formulations of botulinum toxin A for facial rhytides: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
Does integrated management of childhood illness (IMCI) training improve the skills of health workers? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
No association of coffee consumption with gastric ulcer, duodenal ulcer, reflux esophagitis, and non-erosive reflux disease: a cross-sectional study of 8,013 healthy subjects in Japan.
Genetic loci for retinal arteriolar microcirculation.
Meta-analysis indicates that the European GWAS-identified risk SNP rs1344706 within ZNF804A is not associated with schizophrenia in Han Chinese population.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for urinary tract infections after removal of urinary catheter: meta-analysis.
Associations of job strain and lifestyle risk factors with risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of individual participant data.
Drug treatment for faecal incontinence in adults.
Prevalence studies of dementia in mainland china, Hong Kong and taiwan: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic role of BRAF mutation in metastatic colorectal cancer receiving anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of Nucleos(t)ide analogues in patients with spontaneous acute exacerbation of chronic hepatitis B: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic associations of type 2 diabetes with islet amyloid polypeptide processing and degrading pathways in asian populations.
[Effects of neoadjuvant chemotherapy on the prognostic mortality risk of invasive transitional bladder cancer: a meta-analysis].
High dose rate versus low dose rate brachytherapy for oral cancer--a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
[Antimicrobial therapy of Clostridium difficile infection. Systematic review and  meta-analysis of the scientific evidence].
Regular treatment with formoterol and inhaled steroids for chronic asthma: serious adverse events.
BIN1 gene rs744373 polymorphism contributes to Alzheimer's disease in East Asian  population.
Pre-miR-27a rs895819A/G polymorphisms in cancer: a meta-analysis.
Network-based multiple sclerosis pathway analysis with GWAS data from 15,000 cases and 30,000 controls.
Effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of home palliative care services for adults  with advanced illness and their caregivers.
Immunomodulators and immunosuppressants for multiple sclerosis: a network meta-analysis.
Iron therapy for improving psychomotor development and cognitive function in children under the age of three with iron deficiency anaemia.
Opioid antagonists for smoking cessation.
Interferon after surgery for women with advanced (Stage II-IV) epithelial ovarian cancer.
Foam dressings for healing diabetic foot ulcers.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for preventing burn wound infection.
High versus low positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) levels for mechanically ventilated adult patients with acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Epidural analgesia for cardiac surgery.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the use of oral zinc in the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy.
A meta-analysis of the association between the hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and the risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Age at menarche and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Enteral nutrition within 48 hours of admission improves clinical outcomes of acute pancreatitis by reducing complications: a meta-analysis.
Vitrectomy with internal limiting membrane (ILM) peeling versus vitrectomy with no peeling for idiopathic full-thickness macular hole (FTMH).
Creatine for treating muscle disorders.
Cognitive training and cognitive rehabilitation for mild to moderate Alzheimer's  disease and vascular dementia.
Antispasmodics for labour.
Comparative study and meta-analysis of meta-analysis studies for the correlation  of genomic markers with early cancer detection.
Bayesian methods affirm the use of percutaneous coronary intervention to improve  survival in patients with unprotected left main coronary artery disease.
Adenosine and verapamil for no-reflow during primary percutaneous coronary intervention in people with acute myocardial infarction.
Educational and behavioural interventions for anticoagulant therapy in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Genetic risk factors for intracranial aneurysms: a meta-analysis in more than 116,000 individuals.
Performance of different scan protocols of fetal echocardiography in the diagnosis of fetal congenital heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Different effects of three polymorphisms in MicroRNAs on cancer risk in Asian population: evidence from published literatures.
Prognostic and clinicopathological significance of survivin in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor A polymorphisms and age-related macular degeneration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adult small bowel obstruction.
Evaluation of the benefits of vehicle safety technology: the MUNDS study.
Still red light for red light cameras? An update.
Comparison of internal and external fixation of distal radius fractures.
Systematic meta-analysis of the risk factors for deliberate self-harm before and  after treatment for first-episode psychosis.
Controlling practitioner-patient relationships in acupuncture trials: a systematic review and meta-regression.
Smoking status in Iranian male adolescents: a cross-sectional study and a meta-analysis.
Adverse events associated with nevirapine and efavirenz-based first-line antiretroviral therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of elastographic and B-mode ultrasound criteria for diagnostic discrimination of thyroid nodules: a meta-analysis.
The declining efficacy of naltrexone pharmacotherapy for alcohol use disorders over time: a multivariate meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: pegylated interferon α-2a achieves higher early virological responses than α-2b in chronic hepatitis C.
Meta-analysis: peri-operative anti-TNFα treatment and post-operative complications in patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
The effectiveness of modern antihistamines for treatment of allergic rhinitis - an IPD meta-analysis of 140,853 patients.
Risk of stroke with percutaneous coronary intervention compared with on-pump and  off-pump coronary artery bypass graft surgery: Evidence from a comprehensive network meta-analysis.
Sensitivity and specificity of diagnostic accuracy in Alzheimer's disease: a synthesis of existing evidence.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of observational studies shows common genetic variants  associated with macronutrient intake.
Nut intake and adiposity: meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Role of procalcitonin in the diagnosis of infective endocarditis: a meta-analysis.
APC polymorphisms and the risk of colorectal neoplasia: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Association between constipation and colorectal cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Anti-diabetic medications and the risk of hepatocellular cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of association between obsessive-compulsive disorder and the 3' region of neuronal glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1.
Adiponectin levels and risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Ethnic and racial disparities in the risk of preterm birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Moderators of outcome in late-life depression: a patient-level meta-analysis.
Correlation between magnetic resonance imaging and clinical outcomes after cartilage repair surgery in the knee: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of injection therapies in lateral epicondylitis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis evaluating the effectiveness of lightweight mesh against heavyweight mesh in influencing the incidence of chronic groin pain  following laparoscopic inguinal hernia repair.
Internal pancreatic duct stent does not decrease pancreatic fistula rate after pancreatic resection: a meta-analysis.
Affective judgment and physical activity in youth: review and meta-analyses.
Second- versus first-generation azoles for antifungal prophylaxis in hematology patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Carotid plaque hemorrhage on magnetic resonance imaging strongly predicts recurrent ischemia and stroke.
Dietary patterns and gastric cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statins and prostate cancer recurrence following radical prostatectomy or radiotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of central nervous system metastases as site of first recurrence in patients with HER2-positive breast cancer treated with adjuvant trastuzumab.
Epistasis between two HLA antigens defines a subset of individuals at a very high risk for ankylosing spondylitis.
Comparative efficacy of pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions in  fibromyalgia syndrome: network meta-analysis.
Robotic versus open pancreatectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing the efficacy and surgical outcomes of total thyroidectomy between harmonic scalpel versus ligasure.
Effect of preoperative radio(chemo)therapy on long-term functional outcome in rectal cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bilateral internal mammary artery grafting and risk of sternal wound infection: evidence from observational studies.
Continuous treatment with new agents for newly diagnosed multiple myeloma.
Statin therapy improves response to interferon alfa and ribavirin in chronic hepatitis C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of fibroscan and APRI in detection of liver fibrosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Progestogens for preterm birth prevention: a systematic review and meta-analysis  by drug route.
Outcomes after caregiver-provided speech and language or other allied health therapy: a systematic review.
The association of obesity with cardiovascular events in patients with peripheral artery disease.
Effects of augmentative and alternative communication on challenging behavior: a  meta-analysis.
Do former substance users with psychosis differ in their symptoms or function from non-substance users? A systematic meta-analysis.
Modeling external events in the three-level analysis of multiple-baseline across-participants designs: a simulation study.
Zinc and copper levels in bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The risk of congenital malformations, perinatal mortality and neonatal hospitalisation among pregnant women with asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Congruence between preferred and actual place of death according to the presence  of malignant or non-malignant disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of prosthetic margin location on caries susceptibility. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Facilitatory effects of perineural dexmedetomidine on neuraxial and peripheral nerve block: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The angiotensin-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism in Indian  patients with vitiligo: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of central pancreatectomy and meta-analysis of central versus distal pancreatectomy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of intraoperative peritoneal lavage for colorectal cancer staging.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the early and late outcomes of open and endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Genome-wide association identifies genetic variants associated with lentiform nucleus volume in N = 1345 young and elderly subjects.
Is full-field digital mammography more accurate than screen-film mammography in overall population screening? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison between doublet agents versus single agent in metastatic breast cancer patients previously treated with an anthracycline and a taxane: a meta-analysis of four phase III trials.
Cruciferous vegetables intake is inversely associated with risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
The impact of cyclin D1 overexpression on the prognosis of ER-positive breast cancers: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of analgesic and sedative effects of dexmedetomidine in burn patients.
A meta-analysis of trials using the intention to treat principle for glutamine supplementation in critically ill patients with burn.
A meta-analysis of adjuvant therapy after potentially curative treatment for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Meta-analysis of selective laser trabeculoplasty with argon laser trabeculoplasty in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma.
Intakes of heme iron and zinc and colorectal cancer incidence: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Coffee consumption and risk of colorectal cancer: a dose-response analysis of observational studies.
Multiple myeloma and occupation: a pooled analysis by the International Multiple  Myeloma Consortium.
Does night work increase the risk of breast cancer? A systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Association between polymorphisms in interleukin-4Rα and interleukin-13 and glioma risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of metformin use with cancer incidence and mortality: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of the accuracy of Hybrid Capture II and polymerase chain reaction in  detecting clinically important cervical dysplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cytoreductive surgery and HIPEC for peritoneal metastases combined with curative  treatment of colorectal liver metastases: Systematic review of all literature and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Comparative efficacy of first-line therapies for advanced-stage chronic lymphocytic leukemia: a multiple-treatment meta-analysis.
The preclose technique in percutaneous endovascular aortic repair: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of infrapopliteal drug-eluting stents: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing surgery versus endovascular therapy for thrombosed arteriovenous fistulas and grafts in hemodialysis.
Effect of tight blood glucose control versus conventional control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Bare-metal stent versus drug-eluting stent in large coronary arteries: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is therapeutic hypothermia beneficial for pediatric patients with traumatic brain injury? A meta-analysis.
Chinese herbal medicine in treatment of polyhydramnios:a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Implantable cardioverter defibrillators in arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia/cardiomyopathy: patient outcomes, incidence of appropriate and inappropriate interventions, and complications.
The 677C>T mutation of the MTHFR gene increases the risk of venous thromboembolism in Koreans and a meta-analysis from Asian population.
Association of the ADRA2A polymorphisms with the risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Association between PCSK9 and LDLR gene polymorphisms with coronary heart disease: case-control study and meta-analysis.
Association of single nucleotide polymorphism rs6903956 on chromosome 6p24.1 with coronary artery disease and lipid levels in different ethnic groups of the Singaporean population.
The diagnostic utility of brain natriuretic peptide in heart failure patients presenting with acute dyspnea: a meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphisms and the risk of psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Statins are associated with reduced risk of esophageal cancer, particularly in patients with Barrett's esophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Local anesthetics injection therapy for musculoskeletal disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-hodgkin lymphomas presenting as soft tissue masses: a single center experience and meta-analysis of the published series.
A pooled analysis of diagnostic value of (99m)Tc-ubiquicidin (UBI) scintigraphy in detection of an infectious process.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of probiotics for the management of radiation induced bowel disease.
Is cervical disc arthroplasty superior to fusion for treatment of symptomatic cervical disc disease? A meta-analysis.
Percutaneous release, open surgery, or corticosteroid injection, which is the best treatment method for trigger digits?
Efficacy of Mitomycin C for postoperative endoscopic sinus surgery: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Impulsivity-related personality traits and adolescent alcohol use: a meta-analytic review.
What do we know about juvenile idiopathic arthritis and vitamin D? A systematic literature review and meta-analysis of current evidence.
Comparison of the hypoglycemic effect of acarbose monotherapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus consuming an Eastern or Western diet: a systematic meta-analysis.
Recent trend and perspectives in forensic anthropology: a bibliometric analysis.
Relevance of serum copper elevation induced by oral contraceptives: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between particulate matter (PM10) and hospitalizations and mortality of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
The effect of selenium therapy on mortality in patients with sepsis syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Physical therapy for the critically ill in the ICU: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The predictive role of phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) loss, phosphoinositol-3 (PI3) kinase (PIK3CA) mutation, and PI3K pathway activation in  sensitivity to trastuzumab in HER2-positive breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
The presence of a cytopathologist increases the diagnostic accuracy of endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine needle aspiration cytology for pancreatic adenocarcinoma:  a meta-analysis.
An update on the prevalence of cerebral palsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of risk factors for cerebral palsy in children born at term in developed countries.
Can computerized clinical decision support systems improve diabetes management? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ethnic differences in the relationship between insulin sensitivity and insulin response: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of health-related quality of life (health utility) between insulin degludec and insulin glargine: a meta-analysis of phase 3 trials.
Genome-wide association study in a Chinese population identifies a susceptibility locus for type 2 diabetes at 7q32 near PAX4.
Systematic evaluation of validated type 2 diabetes and glycaemic trait loci for association with insulin clearance.
Cytopathology: a useful technique for diagnosing oral lesions?: a systematic literature review.
The effect of CHEK2 variant I157T on cancer susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Fluid replacement with hydroxyethyl starch in critical care--a reassessment.
Features of left ventricular hypertrophy in patients with metabolic syndrome with or without comparable blood pressure: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between goiter and gender: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Parental occupational exposure to pesticides as risk factor for brain tumors in children and young adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
New oral anticoagulants in addition to single or dual antiplatelet therapy after  an acute coronary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of statin therapy on cardiovascular and renal outcomes in patients with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Urgent surgery compared with fibrinolytic therapy for the treatment of left-sided prosthetic heart valve thrombosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Functional CYP1A1 genetic variants, alone and in combination with smoking, contribute to development of head and neck cancers.
Oral adjuvant clodronate therapy could improve overall survival in early breast cancer: results from an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
The use of procalcitonin in the diagnosis of bone and joint infection: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Losmapimod concentration-QT relationship in healthy volunteers: meta-analysis of  data from six clinical trials.
Has inhibition of Aβ production adequately been tested as therapeutic approach in mild AD? A model-based meta-analysis of γ-secretase inhibitor data.
Optimal strategy of coronary revascularization in chronic kidney disease patients: a meta-analysis.
Difficult embryo transfers or blood on catheter and assisted reproductive outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Infantile hemangiomas and retinopathy of prematurity: clues to the regulation of  vasculogenesis.
Mechanical traction techniques for long-gap esophageal atresia: a critical appraisal.
Patients get more long-term benefit from central pancreatectomy than distal resection: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of increased heart rate and blood pressure associated with CNS stimulant treatment of ADHD in adults.
Meta-analysis of the long term effects of different interventions on chronic total coronary occlusions.
Prevalence of complications in neuromuscular scoliosis surgery: a literature meta-analysis from the past 15 years.
Is an initial saturation prostate biopsy scheme better than an extended scheme for detection of prostate cancer? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Utility of choline positron emission tomography/computed tomography for lymph node involvement identification in intermediate- to high-risk prostate cancer: a  systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Extended or continuous versus short-term intravenous infusion of cephalosporins:  a meta-analysis.
Is case management effective in reducing the risk of unplanned hospital admissions for older people? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and chronic kidney disease progression: a systematic review.
A modest but significant effect of CGB5 gene promoter polymorphisms in modulating the risk of recurrent miscarriage.
Association of the interleukin-10 -592A/C, -1082G/A and -819T/C gene polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Update meta-analysis on MMP-7 -181A>G polymorphism and cancer risk: evidence from 25 studies.
Association of interleukin-13 SNP rs20541 with allergic rhinitis risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between miR-146a rs2910164 polymorphism and autoimmune diseases susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Clinical efficacy and cost-effectiveness of HP-human FSH (Fostimon®) versus rFSH  (Gonal-F®) in IVF-ICSI cycles: a meta-analysis.
Coffee and caffeine intake and breast cancer risk: an updated dose-response meta-analysis of 37 published studies.
Prognostic role of cyclooxygenase-2 in epithelial ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Age and organ damage correlate with poor survival in myeloma patients: meta-analysis of 1435 individual patient data from 4 randomized trials.
Totally endoscopic atrial septal repair with or without robotic assistance: a systematic review and meta-analysis of case series.
Survival benefit of primary prevention implantable cardioverter-defibrillator therapy after myocardial infarction: does time to implant matter? A meta-analysis using patient-level data from 4 clinical trials.
Diabetes mellitus and increased risk of extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Doxorubicin-eluting bead versus conventional TACE for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Timing of hepatectomy in resectable synchronous colorectal liver metastases (SCRLM): Simultaneous or delayed?
Genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies three novel loci for human height.
A genome-wide meta-analysis identifies two novel loci associated with high myopia in the Han Chinese population.
Detection of human papillomavirus in sinonasal carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preconceptional low-dose aspirin for the prevention of hypertensive pregnancy complications and preterm delivery after IVF: a meta-analysis with individual patient data.
Association between the PTPN22 1858C/T gene polymorphism and tuberculosis resistance.
Meta-analysis and literature review of techniques to achieve hemostasis in endoscopic sinus surgery.
Age-independent co-expression of antimicrobial gene clusters in the blood of septic patients.
The prognostic value of E-cadherin in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Efficacies of different preparations of glucosamine for the treatment of osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis of randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials.
Renin-angiotensin system inhibitors for prevention of recurrent atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing endoscopic stenting and surgical decompression for colorectal cancer obstruction.
Meta-analysis of vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and psoriasis risk.
Caesarean delivery and neonatal mortality rates in 46 low- and middle-income countries: a propensity-score matching and meta-analysis of Demographic and Health Survey data.
Inequalities in the uptake of human papillomavirus vaccination: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Myomectomy during cesarean delivery.
Self-management education interventions for persons with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Blinding integrity in randomized sham-controlled trials of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the single-nucleotide polymorphism rs12425791 and ischemic stroke in Chinese populations: new data and meta-analysis.
Cadmium and hypertension in exposed workers: A meta-analysis.
The current prevalence of child sexual abuse worldwide: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Who benefits from adjuvant radiation therapy for gastric cancer? A meta-analysis.
Diagnosis of narrow-band imaging in non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intra-arch widths: a meta-analysis.
Patellar resurfacing versus nonresurfacing in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The role of duloxetine in stress urinary incontinence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Choice of renal replacement therapy modality and dialysis dependence after acute  kidney injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Skeletonized versus pedicled internal thoracic artery and risk of sternal wound infection after coronary bypass surgery: meta-analysis and meta-regression of 4817 patients.
The risk of hand-foot skin reaction to axitinib, a novel VEGF inhibitor: a systematic review of literature and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the most indicated preparation design for porcelain laminate veneers.
Serum folate and B12 levels in association with cognitive impairment among seniors: results from the VELESTINO study in Greece and meta-analysis.
Androgenetic alopecia and risk of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ten versus five polymorphonuclear leukocytes as threshold in frozen section tests for periprosthetic infection: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the contribution of eye movements in processing emotional memories.
Treatment related severe and fatal adverse events with cetuximab in colorectal cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Effect of fish oil on circulating adiponectin: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Clinical review: Bariatric surgery following treatment for craniopharyngioma: a systematic review and individual-level data meta-analysis.
Effect of allopurinol on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of balloon kyphoplasty compared to percutaneous vertebroplasty for treating osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures.
Effects of smoking cessation on the outcomes of non-surgical periodontal therapy: a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of treatments for posttraumatic stress disorder.
Efficacy and effectiveness of depot versus oral antipsychotics in schizophrenia:  synthesizing results across different research designs.
Meta-analysis of dropout in treatments for posttraumatic stress disorder.
Hypo-collagenesis in photoaged skin predicts response to anti-aging cosmeceuticals.
Antipyretic therapy in febrile critically ill adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of Fluorine-18-Fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography in patients with chronic inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Lasers for the treatment of dentin hypersensitivity: a meta-analysis.
Adiponectin levels in patients with psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of calcium and magnesium infusions in the chemoprevention of  oxaliplatin-induced sensory neuropathy in gastrointestinal cancers.
Laparoendoscopic single-site adrenalectomy versus conventional laparoscopic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of current evidence comparing laparoendoscopic single-site adrenalectomy and conventional laparoscopic adrenalectomy.
ApaI, BsmI, FokI and TaqI polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene and  the risk of psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Virus inactivation on hard surfaces or in suspension by chemical disinfectants: systematic review and meta-analysis of norovirus surrogates.
Does acetylsalicylic acid or warfarin affect the accuracy of fecal occult blood tests?
Endoscopic sphincterotomy plus balloon dilation versus endoscopic sphincterotomy  for choledocholithiasis: A meta-analysis.
Combined portal vein resection for hilar cholangiocarcinoma: a meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Low cerebrospinal fluid pressure in the pathogenesis of primary open-angle glaucoma: epiphenomenon or causal relationship? The Beijing Intracranial and Intraocular Pressure (iCOP) study.
Antihypertensive classes, cognitive decline and incidence of dementia: a network  meta-analysis.
Association between cytotoxic T-lymphocyte associated protein 4 gene +49 A/G polymorphism and chronic infection with hepatitis B virus: a meta-analysis.
Analysis of the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system in women with endometriosis.
A meta-analysis of the impact of EPC capture stent on the clinical outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease.
[Effect of Kegel exercise to prevent urinary and fecal incontinence in antenatal  and postnatal women: systematic review].
[Effects of Tai Chi on fall risk factors: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of diffusion-weighted MRI in the differential diagnosis of lung lesions.
Maternal vitamin D status and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CT enterography in obscure gastrointestinal bleeding: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antiviral therapy of symptomatic HCV-associated mixed cryoglobulinemia: meta-analysis of clinical studies.
Screening key genes and pathways in glioma based on gene set enrichment analysis  and meta-analysis.
Apolipoprotein ε4-allele as a significant risk factor for conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Prognostic significance of IDH mutation in adult low-grade gliomas: a meta-analysis.
Inorganic nitrate and beetroot juice supplementation reduces blood pressure in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of fixed combination of brimonidine 0.2%/timolol 0.5% compared with fixed combination of dorzolamide 2%/timolol 0.5% in the treatment of patients with elevated intraocular pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Transcutaneous neuromuscular electrical stimulation can improve swallowing function in patients with dysphagia caused by non-stroke diseases: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for meniscal tears: a systematic review including meta-analysis.
Pediatric celiac disease, cryptogenic hypertransaminasemia, and autoimmune hepatitis.
The Berg Balance Scale has high intra- and inter-rater reliability but absolute reliability varies across the scale: a systematic review.
Treadmill training is effective for ambulatory adults with stroke: a systematic review.
Association study of angiotensin II type 1 receptor: A1166C (rs5186) polymorphism with coronary heart disease using systematic meta-analysis.
Behavioral stuttering interventions for children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for new osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures after vertebroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Survival and recurrence free benefits with different lymphadenectomy for resectable gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
The co-occurrence of major depressive disorder among individuals with posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
Support mechanisms and vulnerabilities in relation to PTSD in veterans of the Gulf War, Iraq War, and Afghanistan deployments: a systematic review.
Circumcision and lifetime risk of urinary tract infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
IL-28B polymorphisms and the response to antiviral therapy in HCV genotype 2 and  3 varies by ethnicity: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of laparoscopy-assisted versus open gastrectomy for advanced gastric cancer.
A comprehensive family-based replication study of schizophrenia genes.
Soil-transmitted helminth infection in South America: a systematic review and geostatistical meta-analysis.
Targeted use of heparin, heparinoids, or low-molecular-weight heparin to improve  outcome after acute ischaemic stroke: an individual patient data meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
[Meta analysis of the relationship between human papilloma virus and nasal inverted papilloma].
Guideline-concordant antimicrobial therapy for healthcare-associated pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A closer look at the effects of postoperative radiotherapy by stage and nodal status: updated results of an individual participant data meta-analysis in non-small-cell lung cancer.
[Efficacy of Pentax-AWS in difficult airways: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
L-carnitine in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sedentary time in children: influence of accelerometer processing on health relations.
Satavaptan treatment for ascites in patients with cirrhosis: a meta-analysis of effect on hepatic encephalopathy development.
Intrathecal magnesium as analgesic adjuvant for spinal anesthesia: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
β1-adrenoceptor gene Arg389Gly polymorphism and essential hypertension risk in general population: a meta-analysis.
Association of glucokinase regulatory protein polymorphism with type 2 diabetes and fasting plasma glucose: a meta-analysis.
Assessment of the association between GSTM1 null genotype and risk of type 2 diabetes.
Association of 8q24 rs13281615A > G polymorphism with breast cancer risk: evidence from 40,762 cases and 50,380 controls.
The association between CD14 gene C-260T polymorphism and coronary heart disease  risk: a meta-analysis.
The β1-adrenoreceptor gene Arg389Gly and Ser49Gly polymorphisms and hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Association between XRCC1 and XRCC3 polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 23 case-control studies.
Is TOR1A a risk factor in adult-onset primary torsion dystonia?
[The influence and safety of denosumab on bone mineral density of lumbar spine in women with low bone mass: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis identifies four new loci associated with testicular germ cell tumor.
Identification of heart rate-associated loci and their effects on cardiac conduction and rhythm disorders.
A meta-analysis identifies new loci associated with body mass index in individuals of African ancestry.
Diagnostic testing for dyssynergic defecation in chronic constipation: meta-analysis.
Primary visual cortex excitability in migraine: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Chronic smoking and brain gray matter changes: evidence from meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
The neural network of motor imagery: an ALE meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of functional network alterations in Alzheimer's disease: toward a  network biomarker.
Localized grey matter atrophy in multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies and associations with functional disability.
Diagnostic value and safety of stereotactic biopsy for brainstem tumors: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 1480 cases.
Comparison of postpyloric tube feeding and gastric tube feeding in intensive care unit patients: a meta-analysis.
Through the looking-glass of conventional meta-regression: an alternative approach based on fractional polynomials to a meta-analysis of niacin.
Effect of iron intervention on growth during gestation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Association between weight gain during pregnancy and postpartum weight retention  and obesity: a bias-adjusted meta-analysis.
Vitamin D levels in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of structured triglyceride versus other lipid emulsions for parenteral nutrition.
Interventions designed to limit gestational weight gain: a systematic review of theory and meta-analysis of intervention components.
Maternal adiposity as an independent risk factor for pre-eclampsia: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Chromium supplementation in overweight and obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Early oral intake and gastrointestinal function after cesarean delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Increased stillbirth in uncomplicated monochorionic twin pregnancies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ranibizumab treatment outcomes in phakic versus pseudophakic eyes: an individual  patient data analysis of 2 phase 3 trials.
Maxillary sinus augmentation with adult mesenchymal stem cells: a review of the current literature.
Antirotation proximal femoral nail versus dynamic hip screw for intertrochanteric fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Congenital cholesteatoma is predominantly found in the posterior-superior quadrant in the Asian population: systematic review and meta-analysis, including  our clinical experience.
Impact of body mass index on atrial fibrillation recurrence: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Assessment of research quality of telehealth trials in pain management: a meta-analysis.
Influence of Mediterranean diet on asthma in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the effect of steroids in pediatric shock.
Gestational weight gain in accordance to the IOM/NRC criteria and the risk for childhood overweight: a meta-analysis.
Breast milk-acquired cytomegalovirus infection and disease in VLBW and premature  infants.
Magnetic resonance imaging for locating nonpalpable undescended testicles: a meta-analysis.
Transferability of indirect cost of chronic disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statins decrease all-cause mortality only in CKD patients not requiring dialysis  therapy--a meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials involving 21,295 participants.
5-aminolevulinic acid-based photodynamic therapy for the treatment of condylomata acuminata in Chinese patients: a meta-analysis.
DeepSAGE reveals genetic variants associated with alternative polyadenylation and expression of coding and non-coding transcripts.
The effects of physical activity and physical activity plus diet interventions on body weight in overweight or obese women who are pregnant or in postpartum: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Type 2 diabetes and risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Volunteering by older adults and risk of mortality: a meta-analysis.
The criterion-related validity of personality measures for predicting GPA: a meta-analytic validity competition.
An updated and conservative systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological evidence on psychotic experiences in children and adults: on the  pathway from proneness to persistence to dimensional expression across mental disorders.
Cognitive behavioural therapy and the psychopathology of schizophrenia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Breast lesions: diagnosis by using proton MR spectroscopy at 1.5 and 3.0 T--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Supraglottic airway devices during neonatal resuscitation: an historical perspective, systematic review and meta-analysis of available clinical trials.
The genetics of Henoch-Schönlein purpura: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cervical cerclage for preventing preterm birth in twin pregnancies. A systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Association of the rs3077 and rs9277535 polymorphisms in HLA-DP with hepatitis B  virus infection and spontaneous clearance: a meta-analysis.
Diverticulitis in young versus elderly patients: a meta-analysis.
Effect of training cessation on muscular performance: a meta-analysis.
Association of arsenic, cadmium and manganese exposure with neurodevelopment and  behavioural disorders in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neurological examination of the peripheral nervous system to diagnose lumbar spinal disc herniation with suspected radiculopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Members, isolates, and liaisons: meta-analysis of adolescents' network positions  and their smoking behavior.
Single-access laparoscopic cholecystectomy versus classic laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of single-agent erlotinib and doublet molecular targeted agents based on erlotinib in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of the diagnostic value of procalcitonin and C-reactive protein after  hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of placenta praevia by world region: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between epidermal growth factor gene rs4444903 polymorphism and risk  of glioma.
Glutathione S-transferase T1 null genotype is associated with oral cancer susceptibility in Asian populations.
Association between the p53 codon 72 Arg/Pro polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma risk.
Lack of association between XRCC3 rs861539 (C > T) polymorphism and lung cancer risks: an update meta-analysis.
The association between the poly(A) polymorphism in the VDR gene and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
GSTT1 null genotype contributes to increased risk of gastric cancer in Chinese population: evidence from a meta-analysis.
GSTP1 Ala114Val polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk.
Association between the C3435T polymorphism of ABCB1/MDR1 gene (rs1045642) and colorectal cancer susceptibility : a meta-analysis based on 11,339 subjects.
A systemic assessment of the association between tumor necrosis factor alpha 308  G/A polymorphism and risk of cervical cancer.
The association between cyclooxygenase-2 1195 G/A polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between glutathione S-transferase P1 Ile105Val polymorphism and bladder cancer risk.
Glutathione S-transferase P1 Ile105Val polymorphism contributes to increased risk of gastric cancer in East Asians.
Association of GSTT1 gene polymorphisms with the risk of prostate cancer: an updating meta-analysis.
Null genotype of glutathione S-transferase T1 contributes to increased risk of gastric cancer in Asian population.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphisms association with the risk  of follicular lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Use of prenatal chromosomal microarray: prospective cohort study and systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the accuracy of two diagnostic tests used in combination: application to the ddimer test and the wells score for the diagnosis of deep vein thrombosis.
Evaluating the cost-effectiveness of diagnostic tests in combination: is it important to allow for performance dependency?
Cost-effectiveness of new oral anticoagulants compared with warfarin in preventing stroke and other cardiovascular events in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Perioperative fluid restriction in major abdominal surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, clinical trials.
[Meta analysis of correlation of angiotensin-converting enzyme gene deletion/insertion polymorphism and risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension in Chinese women].
[Meta analysis of the efficacy and safety of combined treatment with ARB and ACEI on diabetic kidney disease].
[Association of new functional SNP rs72689236 of CASP3 with Kawasaki disease: a meta-analysis].
[Effect of antiviral therapy on the prognosis of patients with chronic hepatitis  B-related cirrhosis].
[Clinical efficacy and relative factors of dendritic cell-based tumor vaccination for prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
[Endoscopic papillary balloon dilatation vs. endoscopic sphincteropapillotomy for common bile duct stones: a meta analysis].
[Relationship between antacid therapy and hospital acquired pneumonia in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis].
The effects of smoke-free legislation on acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Foam dressings for venous leg ulcers.
Xiongshao for restenosis after percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with coronary heart disease.
Primary school-based behavioural interventions for preventing caries.
Pharmacological interventions for smoking cessation: an overview and network meta-analysis.
Telephone delivered interventions for reducing morbidity and mortality in people  with HIV infection.
Pedicle screw fixation for traumatic fractures of the thoracic and lumbar spine.
Airway clearance techniques for bronchiectasis.
Flavonoids for treating venous leg ulcers.
Probiotics for the prevention of Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in adults and children.
Use of hyperbaric versus isobaric bupivacaine for spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section.
Enemas during labour.
Physician advice for smoking cessation.
Prevalence of TB/HIV co-infection in countries except China: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
CD14 -159 C>T gene polymorphism with increased risk of tuberculosis: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Impact of vacuum-assisted closure (VAC) therapy on clinical outcomes of patients  with sternal wound infections: a meta-analysis of non-randomized studies.
Perioperative allogenenic blood transfusion is associated with worse clinical outcomes for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Ex-PRESS implantation versus trabeculectomy in uncontrolled glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
N-6 and N-3 fatty acid cholesteryl esters in relation to fatal CHD in a Dutch adult population: a nested case-control study and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of sTREM-1 in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid in ICU patients with  bacterial lung infections: a bivariate meta-analysis.
Multiplex PCR system for rapid detection of pathogens in patients with presumed sepsis - a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Fish oil and post-operative atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Exposure to pesticides or solvents and risk of Parkinson disease.
Two-stage association study and meta-analysis of mitochondrial DNA variants in Parkinson disease.
The effect of copayments for prescriptions on adherence to prescription medicines in publicly insured populations; a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intraoperative fluorescence-guided resection of high-grade malignant gliomas using 5-aminolevulinic acid-induced porphyrins: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Comparison of treatment effect estimates for pharmacological randomized controlled trials enrolling older adults only and those including adults: a meta-epidemiological study.
Invasive mechanical ventilation as a risk factor for acute kidney injury in the critically ill: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is early ventricular dysfunction or dilatation associated with lower mortality rate in adult severe sepsis and septic shock? A meta-analysis.
Metformin vs insulin in the management of gestational diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Association between HIF1A P582S and A588T polymorphisms and the risk of urinary cancers: a meta-analysis.
Association between the polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase genes and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand 12 gene variant (rs1746048) and coronary heart disease: case-control study and meta-analysis.
The Hsa-miR-27a rs895819 (A>G) polymorphism and cancer susceptibility.
Matrix metalloproteinase-1 gene polymorphisms and periodontitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on 11 case-control studies.
Blood pressure-independent effects of telmisartan on regression of left ventricular mass: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized controlled trials.
Selective oestrogen receptor modulators in prevention of breast cancer: an updated meta-analysis of individual participant data.
Laparoscopic surgery for Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis of perioperative complications and long term outcomes compared with open surgery.
β-catenin overexpression in the nucleus predicts progress disease and unfavourable survival in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Screening for cervical cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comprehensive genetic analysis of cytarabine sensitivity in a cell-based model identifies polymorphisms associated with outcome in AML patients.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene promoter  region alter the risk of psoriasis vulgaris and psoriatic arthritis: a meta-analysis.
The diagnostic performance of dental maturity for identification of the circumpubertal growth phases: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 gene polymorphisms and the risk of differentiated thyroid carcinoma (DTC):  a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
The genetic variant on chromosome 10p14 is associated with risk of colorectal cancer: results from a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase polymorphisms (GSTM1, GSTT1 and GSTP1) and their susceptibility to renal cell carcinoma: an evidence-based meta-analysis.
Association between IL-1RN gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to ankylosing spondylitis: a large Human Genome Epidemiology review and meta-analysis.
The association between TNF-α, IL-10 gene polymorphisms and primary Sjögren's syndrome: a meta-analysis and systemic review.
XRCC1 Arg194Trp and Arg280His polymorphisms increase bladder cancer risk in Asian population: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Fusion versus nonfusion for surgically treated thoracolumbar burst fractures: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on the association between IL-1B polymorphisms and cancer risk.
Women's groups practising participatory learning and action to improve maternal and newborn health in low-resource settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: melatonin for the treatment of primary sleep disorders.
The impact of threat appeals on fear arousal and driver behavior: a meta-analysis of experimental research 1990-2011.
Association between delayed initiation of adjuvant CMF or anthracycline-based chemotherapy and survival in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antidepressants in the treatment of depression/depressive symptoms in cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do socioeconomic inequalities in mortality vary between different Spanish cities? a pooled cross-sectional analysis.
Efficacy of dehydroepiandrosterone to improve ovarian response in women with diminished ovarian reserve: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of aerobic interval training on exercise capacity and systolic function in patients with heart failure and reduced ejection fractions.
Meta-analysis of lymphocytes in schizophrenia: clinical status and antipsychotic  effects.
ACE I/D and MTHFR C677T polymorphisms are significantly associated with type 2 diabetes in Arab ethnicity: a meta-analysis.
Tobacco smoking and risk of multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis of 40 observational studies.
Interventions to reduce stress in university students: a review and meta-analysis.
Antidepressant-associated mood-switching and transition from unipolar major depression to bipolar disorder: a review.
Are treatments more effective than placebos? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness of duloxetine in chronic low back pain: a Quebec societal perspective.
Performance of polymerase chain reaction techniques detecting granzyme B in the diagnosis of acute renal rejection: a meta-analysis.
Impact of onset-to-reperfusion time on stroke mortality: a collaborative pooled analysis.
Lenalidomide treatment for multiple myeloma: systematic review and meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Identifying parameters to distinguish non-diabetic renal diseases from diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Toll-like receptor -1, -2, and -6 polymorphisms and pulmonary tuberculosis susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of angiotensin I converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphisms on dilated cardiomyopathy and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy risk.
[Efficacy and safety of vitamin D for type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review].
HuGE systematic review and meta-analysis demonstrate association of CASP-3 and CASP-7 genetic polymorphisms with cancer risk.
Orthostatic hypotension and the risk of congestive heart failure: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
The association of retinoic acid receptor beta2(RARβ2) methylation status and prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of mitomycin C in endoscopic dacryocystorhinostomy: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Color Doppler imaging analysis of retrobulbar blood flow velocities in primary open-angle glaucomatous eyes: a meta-analysis.
The interleukin-4 -589C/T polymorphism and the risk of asthma: a meta-analysis including 7,345 cases and 7,819 controls.
Association between the methionine synthase A2756G polymorphism and neural tube defect risk: a meta-analysis.
Interventions for the treatment of atrial fibrillation: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Drug eluting balloons for de novo coronary lesions - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Identification of genetic loci associated with Helicobacter pylori serologic status.
Effect of hormone replacement therapy on cardiovascular outcomes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Drug-eluting stents or coronary artery bypass grafting for unprotected left main  coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of four randomized trials and seventeen  observational studies.
Management strategies for asymptomatic carotid stenosis: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Tranexamic acid and the reduction of blood loss in total knee and hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Adoptive cellular immunotherapy in metastatic renal cell carcinoma: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Protective role of Helicobacter pylori infection in prognosis of gastric cancer:  evidence from 2,454 patients with gastric cancer.
Surgery and risk for multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control studies.
[Limited effect of interferon-beta for the treatment of secondary progressive multiple sclerosis].
Statin therapy is beneficial for the prevention of atrial fibrillation in patients with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
[Cognitive functions in type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Meta-analysis].
Diagnostic accuracy of conventional or age adjusted D-dimer cut-off values in older patients with suspected venous thromboembolism: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body weight loss reverts obesity-associated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of anti-leishmania therapy in visceral leishmaniasis among HIV infected  patients: a systematic review with indirect comparison.
Do scores on three commonly used measures of critical thinking correlate with academic success of health professions trainees? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Overlapping syndromes in laminopathies: a meta-analysis of the reported literature.
Is endoscopic third ventriculostomy superior to shunts in patients with non-communicating hydrocephalus? A systematic review and meta-analysis of the evidence.
Risk of hypothyroidism in patients with cancer treated with sunitinib: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The use of prisms for vision rehabilitation after macular function loss: an evidence-based review.
White matter volume in alcohol use disorders: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol for Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of PET for recurrent glioma diagnosis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the risk of venous thromboembolism in patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Meta-analysis: colonoscopic post-polypectomy bleeding in patients on continued clopidogrel therapy.
Meta-analysis: serological markers and the risk of acute and chronic pouchitis.
Phenotypic regional functional imaging patterns during memory encoding in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
The outcome of intra-aortic balloon pump support in acute myocardial infarction complicated by cardiogenic shock according to the type of revascularization: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Gender and racial disparities in adherence to statin therapy: a meta-analysis.
Parathyroid hormone and cardiovascular disease events: A systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Meta-analysis comparing efficacy and safety of first generation drug-eluting stents to bare-metal stents in patients with diabetes mellitus undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention.
Dietary calcium intake and risk of stroke: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Short-term effects of fish-oil supplementation on heart rate variability in humans: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Naltrexone (50 mg) plus psychotherapy in alcohol-dependent patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Intraoral distalizer effects with conventional and skeletal anchorage: a meta-analysis.
ABR in the diagnosis of vestibular schwannomas: a meta-analysis.
Sinus surgery and delivery method influence the effectiveness of topical corticosteroids for chronic rhinosinusitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular safety of varenicline: patient-level meta-analysis of randomized,  blinded, placebo-controlled trials.
The impact of perioperative glutamine-supplemented parenteral nutrition on outcomes of patients undergoing abdominal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized  clinical trials.
Statins and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Regional scalp block for postcraniotomy analgesia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of sustained virologic response on quality of life in chronic HVC carriers.
The efficacy and safety of nucleos(t)ide analogues in the treatment of HBV-related acute-on-chronic liver failure: a meta-analysis.
PTPN22 gene polymorphism (C1858T) is associated with susceptibility to type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis of 19,495 cases and 25,341 controls.
Association of chromosome 9p21 genetic variants with risk of coronary heart disease in the East Asian population: a meta-analysis.
New pharmacologic methods to prevent venous thromboembolism in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Genetic studies on components of the Wnt signalling pathway and the severity of joint destruction in rheumatoid arthritis.
Decision aids for patients facing a surgical treatment decision: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic anterior 180-degree versus nissen fundoplication for gastroesophageal reflux disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of antibiotics and the risk of community-associated Clostridium difficile infection.
Laparoscopic or Lichtenstein repair for recurrent inguinal hernia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Detection of human papillomavirus in esophageal papillomas: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transepidermal water loss in young and aged healthy humans: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for falls in older people in nursing homes and hospitals. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Robot-assisted hysterectomy compared to open and laparoscopic approaches: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of the application of adjuvant material  in the repair of anterior vaginal wall prolapsed.
MGMT promoter methylation and glioblastoma prognosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for deep infection after total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of intra-articular hyaluronic acid for ankle osteoarthritis treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of carbon dioxide insufflation for cerebral and cardiac protection during open heart surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Achievement of 2011 European low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) goals of either <70 mg/dl or ≥ 50% reduction in high-risk patients: results from VOYAGER.
Serum total adiponectin level and the risk of cardiovascular disease in general population: a meta-analysis of 17 prospective studies.
The ERLIN1-CHUK-CWF19L1 gene cluster influences liver fat deposition and hepatic  inflammation in the NHLBI Family Heart Study.
Does the Framingham cardiovascular disease risk score also have predictive utility for dementia death? An individual participant meta-analysis of 11,887 men and women.
Carotid intima-media thickness for cardiovascular risk assessment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Novel biomarkers for predicting intrauterine growth restriction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Caesarean section and subsequent ectopic pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Timing of administration of prophylactic antibiotics for caesarean section: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intravesical chemotherapy plus bacille Calmette-Guérin in non-muscle invasive bladder cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors (statins) and bone mineral density: a meta-analysis.
Blood loss in spinal tumour surgery and surgery for metastatic spinal disease: a  meta-analysis.
Additional use of an aldosterone antagonist in patients with mild to moderate chronic heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
How big is the physical activity intention-behaviour gap? A meta-analysis using the action control framework.
Effect of plant foods and beverages on plasma non-enzymatic antioxidant capacity  in human subjects: a meta-analysis.
Late-life depression and risk of vascular dementia and Alzheimer's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of community-based cohort studies.
Meta-analysis of glue versus sutured mesh fixation for Lichtenstein inguinal hernia repair.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of laparoscopic versus open colectomy with end ileostomy for non-toxic colitis.
Association between a novel polymorphism (rs2046210) of the 6q25.1 locus and breast cancer risk.
Morphological distribution and internal enhancement architecture of contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging in the diagnosis of non-mass-like breast lesions: a meta-analysis.
Goitre is associated with benign breast disease: a meta-analysis.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in burn and smoke inhalation injury.
Reducing blood pressure with Internet-based interventions: a meta-analysis.
The evolution of a Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendation: the impact of resistance training on resting blood pressure in adults as an example.
Serum insulin and C-peptide concentration and breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Gene variants in angiogenesis and lymphangiogenesis and cutaneous melanoma progression.
Risk assessment of upper tract urothelial carcinoma related to aristolochic acid.
A meta-analysis of the effects of chemotherapy on cognition in patients with cancer.
Prognostic value of creatine kinase-myocardial band isoenzyme elevation following percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Pineal cysts in children: case-based update.
Influence of body mass index on recurrence and quality of life in atrial fibrillation patients after catheter ablation: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Role of interleukin-28B polymorphism as a predictor of sustained virological response in patients with chronic hepatitis C treated with triple therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Investigation of influencing factors on higher placebo response in East Asian versus Western clinical trials for partial epilepsy: a meta-analysis.
TIR-domain-containing adaptor protein gene TIRAP S180L polymorphism is not increased in Behçet's disease patients in two ethnic cohorts.
Phacoemulsification versus manual small-incision cataract surgery for age-related cataract: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Proton pump inhibitor use and the risk of small intestinal bacterial overgrowth:  a meta-analysis.
Immunosuppression for membranous nephropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 36 clinical trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of yoga for low back pain.
Comparison of FDG PET/CT and gadolinium-enhanced MRI for the detection of bone metastases in patients with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Choline PET or PET/CT and biochemical relapse of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The incidence of pulmonary embolism and deep vein thrombosis after knee arthroplasty in Asians remains low: a meta-analysis.
High-osmolarity saline in neurocritical care: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of intravitreal triamcinolone acetonide with intravitreal bevacizumab  for treatment of diabetic macular edema: a meta-analysis.
Effects of statins on lipid profile in chronic kidney disease patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Role of trigeminal microvascular decompression in the treatment of SUNCT and SUNA.
A systematic review of tissue engineered meniscus: cell-based preclinical models.
Use of oral direct factor Xa inhibiting anticoagulants in elective hip and knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of efficacy and safety profiles compared with those of low-molecular-weight heparins.
Association between interleukin 10 gene -1082 A/G polymorphism and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of 4250 subjects.
A systematic review of tests to predict cerebral palsy in young children.
Neurocognitive consequences of a paediatric brain tumour and its treatment: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel locus contributing to type 2 diabetes susceptibility in Sikhs of Punjabi origin from India.
Blood 25-hydroxy vitamin D levels and incident type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Diabetes mellitus and the occurrence of colorectal cancer: an updated meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Estimating the effect of sulfonylurea on HbA1c in diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Secretion of glucagon-like peptide-1 in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analyses of clinical studies.
Estimates of HCV-1 patients attaining RVR following dual therapy with peg-interferon and ribavirin.
Water intubation method can reduce patients' pain and sedation rate in colonoscopy: a meta-analysis.
Enhanced recovery after surgery programs versus traditional care for colorectal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
PON1 Q192R and L55M polymorphisms and organophosphate toxicity risk: a meta-analysis.
MTHFR C677T and A1298C polymorphisms were associated with bladder cancer risk and disease progression: a meta-analysis.
Identification and assessment of adherence-enhancing interventions in studies assessing medication adherence through electronically compiled drug dosing histories: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
The diagnosis and treatment of giant cell arteritis.
A meta-analysis suggesting that the relationship between biodiversity and risk of zoonotic pathogen transmission is idiosyncratic.
Does habitat disturbance increase infectious disease risk for primates?
Three polymorphisms in the IL-10 gene and the risk of HCV infection: a meta-analysis plus a Chinese Association Study involving 1140 subjects.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the role of ABCC2 variants on drug response in patients with epilepsy.
Adverse events related to extraoperative invasive EEG monitoring with subdural grid electrodes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
TNF-α-308G/A polymorphisms and nasopharyngeal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Cardiac dysfunction in pauci symptomatic human immunodeficiency virus patients: a meta-analysis in the highly active antiretroviral therapy era.
Predicting survival in heart failure: a risk score based on 39 372 patients from  30 studies.
Combined endobronchial and endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine needle aspiration for mediastinal lymph node staging of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Role of chemotherapy for advanced/recurrent gastric cancer: an individual-patient-data meta-analysis.
Psychological adjustment of children with cancer as compared with healthy children: a meta-analysis.
Statins and primary liver cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Transmission of carcinogenic human papillomavirus types from mother to child: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Meta-analysis: silymarin and its combination therapy for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B.
Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli and acute diarrhea in children: a meta-analysis of South Asian populations.
Replication and meta-analysis of common variants identifies a genome-wide significant locus in migraine.
Peer and family influence in eating disorders: a meta-analysis.
Stent placement versus angioplasty for hepatic artery stenosis after liver transplant: a meta-analysis of case series.
Accuracy of CT angiography in the diagnosis of acute gastrointestinal bleeding: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of asthma severity, exacerbations and oral corticosteroids on perinatal outcomes.
Comparative effectiveness and safety of oral phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors  for erectile dysfunction: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Heart rate variability and first cardiovascular event in populations without known cardiovascular disease: meta-analysis and dose-response meta-regression.
Home safety education and provision of safety equipment for injury prevention (Review).
Lack of evidence on Tai Chi-related effects in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
The effect of using the insulin pump bolus calculator compared to standard insulin dosage calculations in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus - systematic review.
Evaluating reported candidate gene associations with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Depression and risk of mortality in individuals with diabetes: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Genetic association of interleukin-10 promoter polymorphisms and susceptibility to diffuse large B-cell lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
The TERT MNS16A polymorphism contributes to cancer susceptibility: meta-analysis  of the current studies.
Association of the -1082G/A polymorphism in the interleukin-10 gene with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Association of the C677T polymorphism in the MTHFR gene with hemorrhagic stroke:  a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of circulating microRNAs for lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
The current state of the empirical evidence for psychoanalysis: a meta-analytic approach.
Prevalence of human papillomavirus in oropharyngeal and nonoropharyngeal head and neck cancer--systematic review and meta-analysis of trends by time and region.
South Asians and coronary disease: is there discordance between effects on incidence and prognosis?
Blood pressure targets in patients with coronary artery disease: observations from traditional and Bayesian random effects meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Meta-analysis: the relationship between TNF-alpha polymorphisms and susceptibility to primary biliary cirrhosis.
Impact of baseline HIV-1 RNA levels on initial highly active antiretroviral therapy outcome: a meta-analysis of 12,370 patients in 21 clinical trials*.
To drain or not to drain: a cumulative meta-analysis of the use of routine abdominal drains after pancreatic resection.
A disintegrin and metalloprotease 33 (ADAM33) gene polymorphisms and the risk of  asthma: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis about the association between -1082G/A and -819C/T polymorphisms  of IL-10 gene and risk of type 2 diabetes.
Association between polymorphism in STAT4 gene and risk of rheumatoid arthritis:  a meta-analysis.
Novel locus including FGF21 is associated with dietary macronutrient intake.
Levothyroxine treatment and pregnancy outcome in women with subclinical hypothyroidism undergoing assisted reproduction technologies: systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs.
Circulating markers of oxidative stress and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variants in pre-eclampsia: a meta-analysis.
BMI in relation to sperm count: an updated systematic review and collaborative meta-analysis.
Genetic predisposition to higher blood pressure increases coronary artery disease risk.
Can procalcitonin tests aid in identifying bacterial infections associated with influenza pneumonia? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do compensation processes impair mental health? A meta-analysis.
Is nasal packing necessary after septoplasty? A meta-analysis.
All-cause mortality imbalance in the tigecycline phase 3 and 4 clinical trials.
Linezolid versus vancomycin for meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infection: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and mortality from pneumonia: meta-analysis.
Single-incision laparoscopic versus traditional multiport laparoscopic colorectal surgery--a cumulative meta-analysis and systematic review.
The effect of atypical antipsychotic medications in individuals with anorexia nervosa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Depression as a risk factor for dementia and mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Accuracy of positron emission tomography/computed tomography in the diagnosis and restaging for recurrent ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Ethyl glucuronide concentration in hair for detecting heavy drinking and/or abstinence: a meta-analysis.
Charged particle radiation therapy for uveal melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Randomised trials of 6% tetrastarch (hydroxyethyl starch 130/0.4 or 0.42) for severe sepsis reporting mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of multidetector computed tomography in the detection of left atrial/left atrial appendage thrombus: a meta-analysis.
Subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and indirect comparison.
Depressive symptomatology as a risk factor for falls in older people: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Telmisartan as a metabolic sartan: the first meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in metabolic syndrome.
A review and meta-analysis of the heritability of specific phobia subtypes and corresponding fears.
The role of social isolation in social anxiety disorder: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Causes and consequences of collective turnover: a meta-analytic review.
Comparison of high tibial osteotomy and unicompartmental knee arthroplasty in the treatment of unicompartmental osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis.
Exacerbations of COPD and symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
PIK3CA mutation is associated with poor survival among patients with metastatic colorectal cancer following anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody therapy: a meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy plus radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone in patients with anaplastic glioma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Short-term versus long-term hormone therapy plus radiotherapy or prostatectomy for prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
TNF-β +252 A>G polymorphism and susceptibility to cancer.
Left ventricular systolic function in sickle cell anemia: a meta-analysis.
Thirty-day mortality after coronary artery bypass surgery in patients aged <50 years: results of a multicenter study and meta-analysis of the literature.
Efficacy and safety of adjunctive cilostazol to dual antiplatelet therapy after stent implantation: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the consistency of atomoxetine treatment effects in pediatric  patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder from 15 clinical trials across four geographic regions.
Emotional and behavioural outcomes later in childhood and adolescence for children with specific language impairments: meta-analyses of controlled prospective studies.
Antihypertensive effects of statins: a meta-analysis of prospective controlled studies.
Musical intervention for patients with dementia: a meta-analysis.
Adjunctive photodynamic therapy to non-surgical treatment of chronic periodontitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Addition of cilostazol to conventional dual antiplatelet therapy reduces the risk of cardiac events and restenosis after drug-eluting stent implantation: a meta-analysis.
Can psychotherapists function as their own controls? Meta-analysis of the crossed therapist design in comparative psychotherapy trials.
Role of aspirin in chemoprevention of esophageal adenocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Holmium laser enucleation of the prostate versus transurethral resection of the prostate: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Re-evaluation of the risk for major adverse cardiovascular events in patients treated with anti-IL-12/23 biological agents for chronic plaque psoriasis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
l-ornithine-l-aspartate for hepatic encephalopathy in patients with cirrhosis: a  meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Mitral valve repair versus replacement in patients with rheumatic heart disease.
Effect of lycopene supplementation on oxidative stress: an exploratory systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Robotic-assisted laparoscopic vs abdominal and laparoscopic myomectomy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of EGFR inhibitor in non-small cell lung cancer on progression-free and overall survival: a meta-analysis.
Autoimmune disease in people with multiple sclerosis and their relatives: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
HTR2A-1438A/G polymorphism influences the risk of schizophrenia but not bipolar disorder or major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Genetic variants influencing biomarkers of nutrition are not associated with cognitive capability in middle-aged and older adults.
Colloid or crystalloid solution on maternal and neonatal hemodynamics for cesarean section: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prostaglandin analogs and timolol-fixed versus unfixed combinations or monotherapy for open-angle glaucoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of plate fixation versus intramedullary nailing for humeral shaft fractures.
Relationship between camp attendance and self-perceptions in children with chronic health conditions: a meta-analysis.
Single-incision versus conventional three-incision laparoscopic appendicectomy for appendicitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of caudal blockade versus alternative analgesic strategies for pediatric inguinal hernia repair.
The impact of multi-disciplinary intestinal rehabilitation programs on the outcome of pediatric patients with intestinal failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The diagnosis of rupture of fetal membranes (ROM): a meta-analysis.
Antidepressants for depression in Parkinson's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Skeletal adaptations associated with pre-pubertal gymnastics participation as determined by DXA and pQCT: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exploring the moderating role of context on the mathematics performance of females under stereotype threat: a meta-analysis.
Aspirin therapy and risk of subdural hematoma: meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Upper limb arterial thromboembolism: a systematic review on incidence, risk factors, and prognosis, including a meta-analysis of risk-modifying drugs.
Disparities in trauma care and outcomes in the United States: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Levosimendan versus dobutamine in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effects of probiotics in early enteral nutrition on the outcomes of trauma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the relation between body mass index and short-term donor outcome of laparoscopic donor nephrectomy.
Do patients benefit from tourniquet in arthroscopic surgeries of the knee?
Procalcitonin as a diagnostic marker for sepsis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence of unilateral arm lymphoedema after breast cancer: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Evaluating the utility of non-echo-planar diffusion-weighted imaging in the preoperative evaluation of cholesteatoma: a meta-analysis.
Maternal smoking and increased risk of sudden infant death syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Contrast-Enhanced Ultrasound for the differentiation of benign and malignant focal liver lesions: a meta-analysis.
C677T polymorphism of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase may contribute to cervical cancer risk in complete over-dominant model.
Plasma vitamin D levels, menopause, and risk of breast cancer: dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Association between tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) promoter -308 G/A and response to TNF-α blockers in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
CYP1A1 MspI polymorphism is associated with prostate cancer susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Steroid 5-alpha-reductase type 2 (SRD5A2) V89L and A49T polymorphisms and sporadic prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Slow N-acetyltransferase 2 genotype contributes to anti-tuberculosis drug-induced hepatotoxicity: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of KCNQ1 gene polymorphism on the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Circulation insulin-like growth factor peptides and colorectal cancer risk: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of flavonoids on circulating levels of TNF-α and IL-6 in humans: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association at SYNE1 in both bipolar disorder and recurrent major depression.
Effects of deep brain stimulation in dyskinetic cerebral palsy: a meta-analysis.
[A meta-analysis of fish intake and the risk of renal cell cancer].
[Eradication of H.pylori may cause gastroesophageal reflux disease: a meta-analysis].
H63D polymorphism in HFE is not associated with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
The angiotensin converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism and intracranial aneurysm: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Prognostic value of magnetic resonance imaging in patients with clinically isolated syndrome conversion to multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Gray matter atrophy in Parkinson's disease with dementia: evidence from meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Processing of primary and secondary rewards: a quantitative meta-analysis and review of human functional neuroimaging studies.
The neurobehavioral impact of manganese: results and challenges obtained by a meta-analysis of individual participant data.
Lactotripeptides intake and blood pressure management: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled clinical trials.
Effect of garlic on serum lipids: an updated meta-analysis.
Meat, fish, and esophageal cancer risk: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Association of obstructive sleep apnoea with the presence and severity of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D levels in relation to body mass index: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of lorcaserin in obese adults: a meta-analysis of 1-year randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and narrative review on short-term RCTs.
Influence of calendar period on the association between BMI and coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis of 31 cohorts.
The effect of tranexamic acid on blood loss in orthognathic surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Open reduction and internal fixation versus external fixation for unstable distal radial fractures: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of nosocomial infections in developing countries, a systematic review.
Intravenous acetaminophen reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence and natural history of pain in adults with multiple sclerosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of oral pharmaceuticals for the treatment of chronic peripheral neuropathic pain: meta-analysis and indirect treatment comparisons.
Diagnostic accuracy of endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine-needle aspiration for pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Age-, gender-, and socioeconomic status-specific incidence of Parkinson's disease and parkinsonism in northeast Scotland: the PINE study.
MRSA nasal colonization in children: prevalence meta-analysis, review of risk factors and molecular genetics.
Candida parapsilosis is a significant neonatal pathogen: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Association of procalcitonin with acute pyelonephritis and renal scars in pediatric UTI.
Eating frequency and overweight and obesity in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Effects of retrograde autologous priming on blood transfusion and clinical outcomes in adults: a meta-analysis.
OPRM1 rs1799971 polymorphism and opioid dependence: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Imputation-based meta-analysis of severe malaria in three African populations.
Quantitatively different, yet qualitatively alike: a meta-analysis of the mouse core gut microbiome with a view towards the human gut microbiome.
Impact of continuous positive airway pressure treatment on left ventricular ejection fraction in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Educational interventions in childhood obesity: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Social cognitive theories used to explain physical activity behavior in adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mind-sets matter: a meta-analytic review of implicit theories and self-regulation.
Neurological soft signs in obsessive-compulsive disorder: two empirical studies and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of mental health treatments and cardiac rehabilitation for improving clinical outcomes and depression among patients with coronary heart disease.
Diagnostic accuracy and radiation dose of CT coronary angiography in atrial fibrillation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stepping Stones Triple P-Positive Parenting Program for children with disability: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nutritional support and functional capacity in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Zinc supplementation for treating diarrhea in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) improve pain in inflammatory arthritis (IA): a systematic literature review of randomized controlled trials.
The protective effect of alcohol on developing rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Current evidence of methotrexate efficacy in childhood chronic uveitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis approach.
Temporary ileostomy versus colostomy for colorectal anastomosis: evidence from 12 studies.
The contribution of overweight, obesity, and lack of physical activity to exit from paid employment: a meta-analysis.
Brain vs behavior: an effect size comparison of neuroimaging and cognitive studies of genetic risk for schizophrenia.
IQ change over time in schizophrenia and healthy individuals: a meta-analysis.
Sensitivity, specificity and likelihood ratios of PCR in the diagnosis of syphilis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of continuous positive airway pressure on C-reactive protein in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Dietary fiber intake and risk of first stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of stroke or systemic embolism in atrial fibrillation patients treated with  warfarin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic total gastrectomy versus open total gastrectomy for cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopy for rectal cancer reduces short-term mortality and morbidity: results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of adjunctive anticoagulation in patients with lung cancer without indication for anticoagulants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pattern of spread to the lateral neck in metastatic well-differentiated thyroid cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reperfusion of liver graft during transplantation: techniques used in transplant  centres within Eurotransplant and meta-analysis of the literature.
Prevention of perinatal death and adverse perinatal outcome using low-dose aspirin: a meta-analysis.
Current treatment and outcome of esophageal perforations in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis of 75 studies.
[Dosimetric comparing between protons beam and photons beam for lung cancer radiotherapy: a meta-analysis].
[Meta analysis and analytic hierarchy process-based intervention strategy research of acupuncture for primary depressive disorder].
[Meta-analysis on elemene injection combined with cisplatin chemotherapeutics in  treatment of non-small cell lung cancer].
[A Meta-analysis of prothrombin G20210A polymorphism and its risk for sudden sensorineural hearing loss].
[Intratympanic versus systemic steroid treatment for idiopathic sudden hearing loss: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of post-transfusion necrotizing enterocolitis in neonates].
[A meta-analysis of preventing bone mineral loss in patients with endometriosis treated by gonadotrophin-releasing hormone analogues with add-back therapy].
[Prevalence of suicide ideation among middle school students in China: a systematic analysis of studies between 2000 and 2012].
[A systematic review regarding the effects of different kinds of selenium supplementations on Kaschin-Beck disease].
[Meta-analysis of adjuvant chemotherapy on prognosis for gastric cancer patients  after D2 dissection].
[A meta-analysis on efficacy of intra-aortic balloon pump therapy in patients with acute myocardial infarction].
Meta-analyses of fertility desires of people living with HIV.
Alginate dressings for venous leg ulcers.
Parent-mediated early intervention for young children with autism spectrum disorders (ASD).
Sulphonylurea monotherapy for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Phyllanthus species versus antiviral drugs for chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
Interventions for the prevention of postoperative ear discharge after insertion of ventilation tubes (grommets) in children.
Initial arch wires for tooth alignment during orthodontic treatment with fixed appliances.
Interval debulking surgery for advanced epithelial ovarian cancer.
Sequencing of chemotherapy and radiotherapy for early breast cancer.
Massage for promoting mental and physical health in typically developing infants  under the age of six months.
Treatment for superficial thrombophlebitis of the leg.
Effect of longer-term modest salt reduction on blood pressure.
Delayed antibiotics for respiratory infections.
Oral evening primrose oil and borage oil for eczema.
Prophylactic systemic antifungal agents to prevent mortality and morbidity in very low birth weight infants.
Interventions to improve antibiotic prescribing practices for hospital inpatients.
Lung lavage for meconium aspiration syndrome in newborn infants.
Prostanoids for intermittent claudication.
Azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine for induction of remission in Crohn's disease.
Blockade of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) for primary prevention of non-valvular atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of standard vs selective temporal lobe epilepsy surgery.
Replication study in Chinese population and meta-analysis supports association of the 5p15.33 locus with lung cancer.
Effects of CYP2C19 loss-of-function variants on the eradication of H. pylori infection in patients treated with proton pump inhibitor-based triple therapy regimens: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Epistatic interaction between BANK1 and BLK in rheumatoid arthritis: results from a large trans-ethnic meta-analysis.
Breast cancer detection and survival among women with cosmetic breast implants: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of the insulin degrading enzyme polymorphisms and susceptibility to Alzheimer's disease.
Meta-analysis of the short-term effects of lamivudine treatment for severe chronic hepatitis B.
Acid suppressive drugs and gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials and prospective studies comparing covered and bare self-expandable metal stents for the treatment of malignant obstruction in the digestive tract.
Association between Guillain-Barré syndrome and influenza A (H1N1) 2009 monovalent inactivated vaccines in the USA: a meta-analysis.
Updated analysis of studies on the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen-4 gene A49G polymorphism and Hashimoto's thyroiditis risk.
Lack of association between Cyclin D1 gene G870A polymorphism and esophageal cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the health and social effects of menstrual hygiene management.
Effect of interleukin-6 polymorphism on risk of preterm birth within population strata: a meta-analysis.
Indacaterol on dyspnea in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
EGF +61A>G polymorphism and gastrointestinal cancer risk: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Association between GSTM1 polymorphism and DNA adduct concentration in the occupational workers exposed to PAHs: a meta-analysis.
The polymorphism for endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene, the level of nitric  oxide and the risk for pre-eclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Olanzapine plus fluoxetine for bipolar disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Factors associated with visceral leishmaniasis in the americas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of the kinesin-like protein KIF1B gene and the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Role of the human endogenous retrovirus HERV-K18 in autoimmune disease susceptibility: study in the Spanish population and meta-analysis.
Prehypertension is not associated with all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Place of preoperative treatment of acromegaly with somatostatin analog on surgical outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adverse events associated with nevirapine use in pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of trial sample size on treatment effect estimates: meta-epidemiological study.
GSTT1 null genotype contributes to lung cancer risk in asian populations: a meta-analysis of 23 studies.
Meta-analysis of MMP2, MMP3, and MMP9 promoter polymorphisms and head and neck cancer risk.
Effect of fruit juice on cholesterol and blood pressure in adults: a meta-analysis of 19 randomized controlled trials.
Genomic meta-analysis of growth factor and integrin pathways in chronic kidney transplant injury.
Contrast water therapy and exercise induced muscle damage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of Tai Chi in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: preliminary evidence.
Impact of vitamin D on chronic kidney diseases in non-dialysis patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Meta-analysis of laparoscopic-assisted versus open distal gastrectomy for gastric cancer].
Iodine and mental development of children 5 years old and under: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis to revise the Fenton growth chart for preterm infants.
The associations between the polymorphisms in the CTLA-4 gene and the risk of Graves' disease in the Chinese population.
Efficacy of Tai Chi on pain, stiffness and function in patients with osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis.
Intron 3 sixteen base pairs duplication polymorphism of p53 contributes to breast cancer susceptibility: evidence from meta-analysis.
Testosterone therapy and cardiovascular events among men: a systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of adverse health effects due to air pollution in Chinese populations.
Cox-2 in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Roles of ApoB-100 gene polymorphisms and the risks of gallstones and gallbladder  cancer: a meta-analysis.
Is there an association between elevated or low serum levels of phosphorus, parathyroid hormone, and calcium and mortality in patients with end stage renal disease? A meta-analysis.
Active smoking and breast cancer risk: original cohort data and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of EBV latent membrane protein 1 expression in lymphomas: evidence from 15 studies.
Incidence, predictors, and outcomes of aortic regurgitation after transcatheter aortic valve replacement: meta-analysis and systematic review of literature.
Mitoxantrone-related acute leukemia in MS: an open or closed book?
The efficacy of bevacizumab compared with other targeted drugs for patients with  advanced NSCLC: a meta-analysis from 30 randomized controlled clinical trials.
Pre-pregnancy body mass index in relation to infant birth weight and offspring overweight/obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between methionine synthase A2756G polymorphism and digestive system cancer risk: evidence from 3,9327 subjects.
Polymorphisms of microRNA sequences or binding sites and lung cancer: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of impact of different types and doses of statins on new-onset diabetes mellitus.
Is computerised CBT really helpful for adult depression?-A meta-analytic re-evaluation of CCBT for adult depression in terms of clinical implementation and methodological validity.
Vascular endothelial growth factor polymorphisms and risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
VEGF -634G>C polymorphism and diabetic retinopathy risk: a meta-analysis.
Null genotypes of GSTM1 and GSTT1 contribute to increased risk of diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-28B rs12979860C/T and rs8099917T/G contribute to spontaneous clearance of hepatitis C virus in Caucasians.
Age-related differences in iron content of subcortical nuclei observed in vivo: a meta-analysis.
Long-term effects of low-fat diets either low or high in protein on cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Management of the brain-dead organ donor: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Survival advantage of kidney transplantation over dialysis in patients with hepatitis C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of common polymorphism rs11614913 in Hsa-miR-196a2 on lung cancer risk.
Obesity and risk of hip fracture in adults: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Replication study and meta-analysis of human nonobstructive azoospermia in Japanese populations.
Variants in the ATP-binding cassette transporter (ABCA7), apolipoprotein E ϵ4,and the risk of late-onset Alzheimer disease in African Americans.
Increased prefrontal and parahippocampal activation with reduced dorsolateral prefrontal and insular cortex activation to food images in obesity: a meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Indirectly estimated absolute lung cancer mortality rates by smoking status and histological type based on a systematic review.
Anorexia nervosa is linked to reduced brain structure in reward and somatosensory regions: a meta-analysis of VBM studies.
Recent adaptive events in human brain revealed by meta-analysis of positively selected genes.
Methionine synthase A2756G polymorphism and risk of colorectal adenoma and cancer: evidence based on 27 studies.
Adiponectin-11377CG gene polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis of 6425 subjects.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the sero-epidemiological association between Epstein Barr virus and multiple sclerosis.
Association between glutathione S-transferase T1 null genotype and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 48 studies.
Individual participant data meta-analysis for a binary outcome: one-stage or two-stage?
Association of CYP2A6*4 with susceptibility of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Transarterial chemoembolization for hepatocellular carcinoma with portal vein tumor thrombus: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic therapy for primary restless legs syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Eight functional polymorphisms in the estrogen receptor 1 gene and endometrial cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Extended antimicrobial prophylaxis after gastric cancer surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of minimal extracorporeal circulation improves outcome after heart surgery; a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Baseline respiratory parameters in panic disorder: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials comparing idarubicin + cytarabine with daunorubicin + cytarabine as the induction chemotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukaemia.
The effect of complex interventions on depression and anxiety in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predictive value of S-100β protein for prognosis in patients with moderate and severe traumatic brain injury: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psoriasis and major adverse cardiovascular events: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Virologic response to tipranavir-ritonavir or darunavir-ritonavir based regimens  in antiretroviral therapy experienced HIV-1 patients: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized controlled clinical trials.
The molecular genetic architecture of self-employment.
Fluorescence-based methods for detecting caries lesions: systematic review, meta-analysis and sources of heterogeneity.
Docetaxel, cisplatin and fluorouracil (DCF) regimen compared with non-taxane-containing palliative chemotherapy for gastric carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variants in the folate pathway and the risk of neural tube defects: a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Association of genetic variants in the adiponectin gene with metabolic syndrome:  a case-control study and a systematic meta-analysis in the Chinese population.
Effect of increased potassium intake on cardiovascular risk factors and disease:  systematic review and meta-analyses.
Effect of lower sodium intake on health: systematic review and meta-analyses.
Effect of longer term modest salt reduction on blood pressure: Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Instruments for assessing the risk of falls in acute hospitalized patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor gene polymorphisms contribute to the risk of endometriosis: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 case-control  studies.
Meta-analysis of amyloid-cognition relations in cognitively normal older adults.
Prevention of post-dural puncture headache in parturients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between resistin gene -420 C/G polymorphism and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Surgical treatment of Neer type-II fractures of the distal clavicle: a meta-analysis.
A review and meta-analysis of the patient factors associated with psychiatric in-patient aggression.
Telomere length behaves as biomarker of somatic redundancy rather than biological age.
Letter: sequential therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication in children ' updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: oral or enteral nutritional supplementation in cirrhosis.
Meta-analysis of plaque composition by intravascular ultrasound and its relation  to distal embolization after percutaneous coronary intervention.
Systematic review of UV-based therapy for psoriasis.
Early parenteral nutrition and growth outcomes in preterm infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Eating attentively: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of food intake memory and awareness on eating.
Effects of green tea catechins with or without caffeine on glycemic control in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of multiple anthropometric deficits on child mortality: meta-analysis  of individual data in 10 prospective studies from developing countries.
Fecal microbiota transplantation for Clostridium difficile infection: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Anti-diabetic medications and risk of pancreatic cancer in patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of hypertension among elderly persons in urban Brazil: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the relationship of the Parkin p.Val380Leu polymorphism to Parkinson's disease.
Curing lights for orthodontic bonding: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic study: the relationship between acculturation and depression among Asian Americans.
Workplace health promotion: a meta-analysis of effectiveness.
Meta-analysis of gene expression profiling in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a comparison between transgenic mouse models and human patients.
Preoperative estimates of glomerular filtration rate as predictors of outcome after surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: continuous positive airway pressure improves insulin resistance in patients with sleep apnea without diabetes.
Are interventions to promote sun-protective behaviors in recreational and tourist settings effective? A systematic review with meta-analysis and moderator analysis.
The protein-to-creatinine ratio for the prediction of significant proteinuria in  patients at risk for preeclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Ultrasonographically guided peripheral intravenous cannulation of children and adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
No evidence of decreased risk of colorectal adenomas with white meat, poultry, and fish intake: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Cruciferous vegetables intake and the risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis  of observational studies.
Blocking the effects of interleukin-6 in rheumatoid arthritis and other inflammatory rheumatic diseases: systematic literature review and meta-analysis informing a consensus statement.
Diagnostic accuracy of computed tomographic angiography for blunt cerebrovascular injury detection in trauma patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
New endovascular devices for acute ischemic stroke: summarizing evidence by multiple treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Aortic mural thrombus in the normal or minimally atherosclerotic aorta.
Acute exercise and subsequent energy intake. A meta-analysis.
Topical herbal medicine combined with pharmacotherapy for psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of antibiotics in the treatment of acute rhinosinusitis in children: a systematic review.
Clomiphene combined with gonadotropins and GnRH antagonist versus conventional controlled ovarian hyperstimulation without clomiphene in women undergoing assisted reproductive techniques: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene C677T polymorphism and risk of preeclampsia: an updated meta-analysis based on 51 studies.
Impact of hydrophilic catheters on urinary tract infections in people with spinal cord injury: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The Validity of Implicit Association Test (IAT) measures of sexual attraction to  children: a meta-analysis.
Diastolic dysfunction in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Association between baseline lipoprotein (a) levels and restenosis after coronary stenting: meta-analysis of 9 cohort studies.
Meta-analysis of the cell cycle related C12orf48.
A genome-wide association study of depressive symptoms.
Effect of misoprostol versus oxytocin during caesarean section: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Androgen deprivation therapy: evidence-based management of side effects.
Comparison of transperitoneal and retroperitoneal laparoscopic nephrectomy for renal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of preparation solutions and cleansing techniques on contamination of the skin in foot and ankle surgery: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
HHV-6 encephalitis in umbilical cord blood transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tandem autologous vs autologous plus reduced intensity allogeneic transplantation in the upfront management of multiple myeloma: meta-analysis of trials with biological assignment.
Goal-directed therapy in cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Falls and major orthopaedic surgery with peripheral nerve blockade: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of hypertension with vandetanib in cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Anthracyclines during induction therapy in acute myeloid leukaemia: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Is sunlight exposure a risk factor for age-related macular degeneration? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of psychosocial interventions on social functioning in depression and schizophrenia: meta-analysis.
Risk factors for hamstring muscle strain injury in sport: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of resistance training on arterial stiffness: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of perioperative steroids on ischaemia-reperfusion injury and surgical stress response in patients undergoing  liver resection.
Association of rs12255372 in the TCF7L2 gene with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of breast cancer outcome and toxicity in adjuvant trials of aromatase inhibitors in postmenopausal women.
Concurrent treatment with gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists for chemotherapy-induced ovarian damage in premenopausal women with breast cancer: a  meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of toremifene versus tamoxifen on breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of psychosocial intervention for pain in breast cancer patients and  survivors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of anastrozole in combination with fulvestrant in the first line  treatment of hormone receptor positive advanced breast cancer.
The relationship between breastfeeding and hemoglobin concentration: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing percutaneous coronary intervention with medical therapy in stable angina pectoris.
Diagnostic value of ankle-brachial index in peripheral arterial disease: a meta-analysis.
Statin use and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of epoetin beta and darbepoetin alfa treatment for chemotherapy-induced anemia and mortality: Individual patient data from Japanese  randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Risk of tyrosine kinase inhibitors-induced hepatotoxicity in cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Complications and reinterventions in uterine artery embolization for symptomatic  uterine fibroids: a literature review and meta analysis.
Scalp acupuncture for Parkinson's disease: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Citrate versus unfractionated heparin for anticoagulation in continuous renal replacement therapy.
Effect of noninvasive positive pressure ventilation on weaning success in patients receiving invasive mechanical ventilation: a meta-analysis.
Regular physical activity and risk of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacodynamic impacts of proton pump inhibitors on the efficacy of clopidogrel  in vivo--a systematic review.
Evaluation of [-2] proPSA and Prostate Health Index (phi) for the detection of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analytic review of P3 components in posttraumatic stress disorder and their  clinical utility.
Prevalence of irritable bowel syndrome-type symptoms in patients with celiac disease: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of pegylated interferon alfa-2a or alfa-2b plus ribavirin for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Macrolides vs. quinolones for community-acquired pneumonia: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic literature review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials of parenteral glutamine supplementation.
Role of magnetic resonance imaging in the detection of local prostate cancer recurrence after external beam radiotherapy and radical prostatectomy.
Long-term survival of calcium phosphate-coated dental implants: a meta-analytical approach to the clinical literature.
Is limited incision better than standard total hip arthroplasty? A meta-analysis.
A 2013 updated systematic review & meta-analysis of 36 randomized controlled trials; no apparent effects of non steroidal anti-inflammatory agents on the risk of bleeding after tonsillectomy.
Population pharmacokinetics of tobramycin in patients with and without cystic fibrosis.
Specificity of psychological treatments for bulimia nervosa and binge eating disorder? A meta-analysis of direct comparisons.
Lead and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) symptoms: a meta-analysis.
Drug-coated balloons in treatment of in-stent restenosis: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Comparing percutaneous coronary intervention and thrombolysis in patients with return of spontaneous circulation after cardiac arrest.
Comparative effectiveness of water infusion vs air insufflation in colonoscopy: a meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor inhibitors for treatment of corneal neovascularization: a meta-analysis.
Neuroanatomy of auditory verbal hallucinations in schizophrenia: a quantitative meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Effectiveness of seasonal influenza vaccines in children -- a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Viral etiology of hospitalized acute lower respiratory infections in children under 5 years of age -- a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for severe acute lower respiratory infections in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Further data on beta-blockers and cancer risk: observational study and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Efficacy and safety of degludec insulin: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of application of fibrin sealant after liver  resection.
Intraoperative ventilatory strategies to prevent postoperative pulmonary complications: a meta-analysis.
Attachment and internalizing behavior in early childhood: a meta-analysis.
Differences in the glucose-lowering efficacy of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors between Asians and non-Asians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic ultrasound elastography for differential diagnosis of pancreatic masses: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of bisphosphonates for osteoporosis or osteopenia in Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Needle size has only a limited effect on outcomes in EUS-guided fine needle aspiration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does PPARγ2 gene Pro12Ala polymorphism affect nonalcoholic fatty liver disease risk? Evidence from a meta-analysis.
Heart-type fatty acid binding protein as an early marker for myocardial infarction: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor gene and risk of autoimmune thyroid diseases: a meta-analysis.
How effective are drug treatments for children with ADHD at improving on-task behaviour and academic achievement in the school classroom? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Redefining normal reference ranges for echocardiography: a major new individual person data meta-analysis.
Nurse-led interventions to enhance adherence to chronic medication: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Infections of Helicobacter spp. in the biliary system are associated with biliary tract cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between Helicobacter pylori and asthma: a meta-analysis.
Multiple sclerosis and restless legs syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Folate metabolism gene polymorphisms MTHFR C677T and A1298C and risk for Down syndrome offspring: a meta-analysis.
Weekly fluconazole therapy for recurrent vulvovaginal candidiasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Open versus transanal pull-through for Hirschsprung disease: a systematic review  of long-term outcome.
The optimal duration of compression therapy following varicose vein surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Impact of breast mass size on accuracy of ultrasound elastography vs. conventional B-mode ultrasound: a meta-analysis of individual participants.
Genome-wide association analysis reveals 12q13.3-q14.1 as new risk locus for sarcoidosis.
Metabolic effects of L-carnitine on type 2 diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of oseltamivir in adults: a meta-analysis of published and unpublished clinical trials.
Association of maternal and fetal MTHFR A1298C polymorphism with the risk of pregnancy loss: a study of an Indian population and a meta-analysis.
Identification of Genetic Susceptibility Loci for Colorectal Tumors in a Genome-Wide Meta-analysis.
EUS elastography for diagnosis of solid pancreatic masses: a meta-analysis.
Association between the ghrelin Leu72Met polymorphism and type 2 diabetes risk: a meta-analysis.
Population-based and family-based studies on the protein tyrosine phosphatase non-receptor 22 gene polymorphism and type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
D18S880 microsatellite polymorphism of carnosinase gene and diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
High expression of epidermal growth factor receptor might predict poor survival in patients with colon cancer: a meta-analysis.
Estimation of the risk factors for falls in the elderly: can meta-analysis provide a valid answer?
Meta-analysis of type and complexity of a secondary task during walking on the prediction of elderly falls.
Recombinant Luteinizing Hormone supplementation in poor responders undergoing IVF: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of willingness-to-pay values: the case of malaria control interventions.
Global epidemiology of hepatitis C virus infection: new estimates of age-specific antibody to HCV seroprevalence.
Mesh size in Lichtenstein repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis to determine the importance of mesh size.
A meta-analysis comparing tacker mesh fixation with suture mesh fixation in laparoscopic incisional and ventral hernia repair.
The long-term effect of bile duct injuries on health-related quality of life: a meta-analysis.
Differential neural activity in the recognition of old versus new events: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of part-task training and increasing-difficulty training strategies: a meta-analysis approach.
A genome-wide association study of early menopause and the combined impact of identified variants.
Effects of telmisartan therapy on interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG supplementation for preventing respiratory infections  in children: a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation versus nasal continuous positive airway pressure in neonates: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of rheumatoid arthritis risk alleles with response to anti-TNF biologics: results from the CORRONA registry and meta-analysis.
External fixation versus open reduction with plate fixation for distal radius fractures: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
β-Lactam plus aminoglycoside or fluoroquinolone combination versus β-lactam monotherapy for Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of Hinchey stage III-IV diverticulitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Apolipoprotein E genotype, cardiovascular biomarkers and risk of stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis of 14,015 stroke cases and pooled analysis of primary biomarker data from up to 60,883 individuals.
The effectiveness of structural interventions at suicide hotspots: a meta-analysis.
Antipsychotic augmentation of serotonin reuptake inhibitors in treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis of double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Association of CYP46 gene polymorphism with sporadic Alzheimer's disease in Chinese Han populations: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effect of inspired oxygen concentration on the incidence of surgical site infection following cesarean section.
Incidence of ethambutol-related visual impairment during treatment of active tuberculosis.
Effectiveness of intravesical hyaluronic acid with or without chondroitin sulfate for recurrent bacterial cystitis in adult women: a meta-analysis.
Traditional Chinese medicine for pressure ulcer: a meta-analysis.
Executive functions in preschool children with externalizing behavior problems: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for serum total IgE in diverse study populations.
Mohs micrographic surgery for extramammary Paget disease: a pooled analysis of individual patient data.
Psoriasis and metabolic syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Sperm selection using magnetic activated cell sorting (MACS) in assisted reproduction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the reading comprehension skills of individuals on the autism  spectrum.
Prognostic significance of vascular endothelial growth factor expression in esophageal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Transarterial chemoembolization combined with percutaneous radiofrequency ablation versus TACE and PRFA monotherapy in the treatment for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms of xeroderma pigmentosum group D and prostate cancer risk:  a meta-analysis.
Cognitive outcome after on- and off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pooled estimates of immediate and late outcome of mitral valve surgery in octogenarians: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
β-blockers and volatile anesthetics may attenuate cardioprotection by remote preconditioning in adult cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of 15 randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials of effect of milrinone on mortality in cardiac surgery: an update.
Low- or high-dose radioiodine remnant ablation for differentiated thyroid carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Bayesian network meta-analysis of root coverage procedures: ranking efficacy and  identification of best treatment.
The impact of maternal depression during pregnancy on perinatal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of prenatal antidepressant exposure on neonatal adaptation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antidepressant exposure during pregnancy and congenital malformations: is there an association? A systematic review and meta-analysis of the best evidence.
Risk of obsessive-compulsive disorder in pregnant and postpartum women: a meta-analysis.
Genetic analysis of a population heavy drinking phenotype identifies risk variants in whites.
Prophylactic magnesium for improving neurologic outcome after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tracheostomy teams reduce total tracheostomy time and increase speaking valve use: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incomplete caries removal: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Total tubeless versus standard percutaneous nephrolithotomy: a meta-analysis.
Holmium: YAG laser lithotripsy versus pneumatic lithotripsy for treatment of distal ureteral calculi: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of outcomes of endovascular treatment of infrapopliteal occlusive disease with drug-eluting stents.
Potential biases in colorectal cancer screening using faecal occult blood test.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of haemostatic and biliostatic efficacy of fibrin sealants in elective liver surgery.
The role of peripheral inflammatory markers in dementia and Alzheimer's disease:  a meta-analysis.
The prevalence of primary glaucoma in mainland China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation for upper limb motor recovery in stroke survivors.
Laparoscopic distal pancreatectomy and pancreatoduodenectomy: is it worthwhile? A meta-analysis of laparoscopic pancreatectomy.
Mannose-binding lectin two gene polymorphisms and tuberculosis susceptibility in  Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Do neuroimaging results impact prognosis of epilepsy surgery? A meta-analysis.
The association between apolipoprotein E gene polymorphisms and essential hypertension: a meta-analysis of 45 studies including 13,940 cases and 16,364 controls.
Genetic and environmental influences on blood pressure variability: a study in twins.
Endurance exercise beneficially affects ambulatory blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin therapy does not improve lung function in asthma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Complications following dorsal versus volar plate fixation of distal radius fracture: a meta-analysis.
Auditory hallucinations and reduced language lateralization in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of dichotic listening studies.
Computer or not? Use of image guidance during endoscopic sinus surgery for chronic rhinosinusitis at St Paul's Hospital, Vancouver, and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis identifies a MECOM gene as a novel predisposing factor of osteoporotic fracture.
Perioperative intravesical chemotherapy in non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
The month of birth effect in multiple sclerosis: systematic review, meta-analysis and effect of latitude.
Impact of particular antiepileptic drugs on the survival of patients with glioblastoma multiforme.
Safety and efficacy of early pharmacological thromboprophylaxis in traumatic brain injury: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The fetal safety of fluoxetine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lavage therapy versus nonsurgical therapy for the treatment of arthralgia of the  temporomandibular joint: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Continuity, coordination, and transitions of care for patients with serious and advanced illness: a systematic review of interventions.
Primary fascial closure versus staged closure with silo in patients with gastroschisis: a meta-analysis.
Prophylactic theophylline for the prevention of severe renal dysfunction in term  and post-term neonates with perinatal asphyxia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review of the use of growth factors in human periodontal regeneration.
Determinants of rural household food security: a comparative analysis of African  and Asian studies.
Female sexual dysfunction and diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Zinc and glycemic control: a meta-analysis of randomised placebo controlled supplementation trials in humans.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on primary percutaneous coronary intervention of an unprotected left main coronary artery culprit lesion in the setting of acute myocardial infarction.
Selected pregnancy and delivery outcomes after exposure to antidepressant medication: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The influence of the intercondylar notch dimensions on injury of the anterior cruciate ligament: a meta-analysis.
Effect of selective decontamination on antimicrobial resistance in intensive care units: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of IKZF1 alteration status in pediatric B-lineage acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of 12-week or longer indacaterol treatment in moderate-to-severe COPD patients: a systematic review.
Accuracy of sentinel node biopsy in the staging of non-small cell lung carcinomas: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Sexual dimorphism in the human brain: evidence from neuroimaging.
Measures of central hyperexcitability in chronic whiplash associated disorder--a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of tomato products and lycopene in the prevention of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
MTHFR 677T variant contributes to diabetic nephropathy risk in Caucasian individuals with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association of glutathione S-transferase P1 gene polymorphism with the susceptibility of breast cancer.
Glutathione S-transferase polymorphisms, asthma susceptibility and confounding variables: a meta-analysis.
Effects of common polymorphisms rs2910164 in miR-146a and rs3746444 in miR-499 on cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Toll-like receptor 4 D299G polymorphism in metabolic disorders: a meta-analysis.
The association between common genetic variant of microRNA-499 and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Pre-mir-27a rs895819 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The C161T polymorphism in the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma gene (PPARγ) is associated with risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
The CTLA-4 +49 A/G, CT60 A/G and PTPN22 1858 C/T polymorphisms and susceptibility to vitiligo: a meta-analysis.
Association between the endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene Glu298Asp polymorphism and coronary heart disease: a meta‑analysis of 39 case‑control studies.
The effect of the serotonin transporter polymorphism (5-HTTLPR) on amygdala function: a meta-analysis.
A mega-analysis of genome-wide association studies for major depressive disorder.
Predictive neural biomarkers of clinical response in depression: a meta-analysis  of functional and structural neuroimaging studies of pharmacological and psychological therapies.
Cerebral capillary telangiectasias: a meta-analysis and review of the literature.
The prevalence of incontinence in people with cognitive impairment or dementia living at home: a systematic review.
Diagnostic role of 18F-dihydroxyphenylalanine positron emission tomography in patients with congenital hyperinsulinism: a meta-analysis.
Effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-style diet on fatal or  nonfatal cardiovascular diseases--incidence: a systematic review and meta-analysis on observational prospective studies.
Post-operative behavioural management in bariatric surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of personality with the development and persistence of obesity: a meta-analysis based on individual-participant data.
Single-incision laparoscopy in gynecologic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Work activities and risk of prematurity, low birth weight and pre-eclampsia: an updated review with meta-analysis.
The interleukin 10 -819C/T polymorphism and cancer risk: a HuGE review and meta-analysis of 73 studies including 15,942 cases and 22,336 controls.
Pressure-redistribution surfaces for prevention of surgery-related pressure ulcers: a meta-analysis ﻿.
Diagnostic value of the Friedman tongue position and Mallampati classification for obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Weight gain and other metabolic adverse effects associated with atypical antipsychotic treatment of children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Attentional bias to pain-related information: a meta-analysis.
The effects of health education on schistosomiasis japonica prevalence and relevant knowledge in the People's Republic of China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Determinants of Long-term protection after hepatitis B vaccination in infancy: a  meta-analysis.
Preterm birth and the metabolic syndrome in adult life: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of daily iron supplementation in 2- to 5-year-old children: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relationship between right-wing ideological attitudes and psychological well-being.
Statins in the prevention of dementia and Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis of observational studies and an assessment of confounding.
Height outcome of the recombinant human growth hormone treatment in patients with SHOX gene haploinsufficiency: a meta-analysis.
MTHFR gene polymorphisms and outcome of methotrexate treatment in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: analysis of key polymorphisms and meta-analysis of C677T and A1298C polymorphisms.
Identification of risk factors for falls in multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of berberine on blood lipids: a systemic review and meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Prehospital continuous positive airway pressure for acute respiratory failure: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and subgroups.
Levalbuterol versus albuterol for acute asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative effects of statins on major cerebrovascular events: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis of placebo-controlled and active-comparator trials.
Frequency of acute kidney injury following intravenous contrast medium administration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of GSTT1 and GSTM1 polymorphisms with early pregnancy loss in an Indian population and a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of conventional transbronchial needle aspiration in sarcoidosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Depressive morbidity among elderly individuals who are hospitalized, reside at long-term care facilities, and are under outpatient care in Brazil: a meta-analysis.
The clinical and functional outcomes of ultrasound-guided vs landmark-guided injections for adults with shoulder pathology--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Improvement in wrist pain with ultrasound-guided glucocorticoid injections: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Are cognitive distortions associated with denial and minimization among sex offenders?
Epidemiological evidence for the link between sleep duration and high blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Randomized controlled trials of psychological and pharmacological treatments for  nightmares: a meta-analysis.
Country of birth and hospital treatment for psychosis in New South Wales.
Are attitudes towards medication adherence associated with medication adherence behaviours among patients with psychosis? A systematic review and meta analysis.
Prevalence of adjacent segment degeneration after spine surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and suicidal risk for antidepressants in paediatric and adolescent patients.
Genetic risk factors for glucocorticoid-induced osteonecrosis: a meta-analysis.
Cerebral microbleeds and recurrent stroke risk: systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective ischemic stroke and transient ischemic attack cohorts.
Topical agent therapy for prevention and treatment of radiodermatitis: a meta-analysis.
Incidence of postoperative venous thromboembolism after laparoscopic versus open  colorectal cancer surgery: a meta-analysis.
Retroperitoneal versus transperitoneal laparoscopic adrenalectomy in adrenal tumor: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of thyroid cancer in multinodular goiter versus single nodule: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rapid onsite evaluation improves the adequacy of fine-needle aspiration for thyroid lesions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between MHTFR Glu429Ala polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 29 research studies.
Association between the NBS1 Glu185Gln polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of evidences on XPC polymorphisms and lung cancer susceptibility.
Association between microsomal epoxide hydrolase 1 T113C polymorphism and susceptibility to lung cancer.
CYP2E1 polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk: a HuGE systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of p53 expression in malignant bone tumors: a meta-analysis.
No significant association between the XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Significant associations between GSTM1/GSTT1 polymorphisms and nasopharyngeal cancer risk.
Polymorphisms of excision repair gene XPD Lys751Gln and hOGG1 Ser326Cys might not be associated with hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between XRCC6 C1310G polymorphism and  cancer risk.
An association between XPC Lys939Gln polymorphism and the risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Matrix metalloproteinase 9 expression and prognosis in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Three adiponectin rs1501299G/T, rs822395A/C, and rs822396A/G polymorphisms and risk of cancer development: a meta-analysis.
Effect of GSTM1 polymorphism on risks of basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
CYP3A4*1B polymorphism and cancer risk: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Terpene compound drug as medical expulsive therapy for ureterolithiasis: a meta-analysis.
Topical anesthetic agents for premature ejaculation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing outcomes between side-to-side anastomosis and other anastomotic configurations after intestinal resection for patients with Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Medial versus lateral approach in laparoscopic colorectal resection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Single-incision versus conventional laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis on the efficacy of stem cells transplantation therapy on the prevention of cardiac remodeling and main adverse cardiovascular event in patients with chronic heart failure].
[A meta-analysis on overweight, obesity and the risk of breast cancer in Chinese  female population].
Therapeutic ultrasound for carpal tunnel syndrome.
The role of maintenance therapy in acute promyelocytic leukemia in the first complete remission.
Inhaled corticosteroids for subacute and chronic cough in adults.
Pathogen-reduced platelets for the prevention of bleeding.
Oxcarbazepine for neuropathic pain.
Multidimensional rehabilitation programmes for adult cancer survivors.
Long-term effects of weight-reducing drugs in hypertensive patients.
Regular treatment with salmeterol and inhaled steroids for chronic asthma: serious adverse events.
Prebiotics in infants for prevention of allergy.
Parenting interventions for the prevention of unintentional injuries in childhood.
Corticosteroids for preventing postherpetic neuralgia.
Co-formulated abacavir-lamivudine-zidovudine for initial treatment of HIV infection and AIDS.
Wound cleansing for pressure ulcers.
Megestrol acetate for treatment of anorexia-cachexia syndrome.
WITHDRAWN: Patient controlled intravenous opioid analgesia versus continuous epidural analgesia for pain after intra-abdominal surgery.
Preoperative skin antiseptics for preventing surgical wound infections after clean surgery.
Operative caries management in adults and children.
Prophylactic oral/topical non-absorbed antifungal agents to prevent invasive fungal infection in very low birth weight infants.
Dressings for superficial and partial thickness burns.
Early trophic feeding versus enteral fasting for very preterm or very low birth weight infants.
Use of combination neonatal prophylaxis for the prevention of mother-to-child transmission of HIV infection in European high-risk infants.
Chaihu-Shugan-San, an oriental herbal preparation, for the treatment of chronic gastritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between maternal serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level and pregnancy and neonatal outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Ultrasound imaging for lumbar punctures and epidural catheterisations: systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Association between interleukin-1B polymorphisms and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis].
Coronary artery calcium score prediction of all cause mortality and cardiovascular events in people with type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reassurance after diagnostic testing with a low pretest probability of serious disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of pregnancy outcomes in pooled randomized trials on a prophylactic adjuvanted glycoprotein D subunit herpes simplex virus vaccine.
A genome-wide search for common SNP x SNP interactions on the risk of venous thrombosis.
A meta-analysis comparing the results of cervical disc arthroplasty with anterior cervical discectomy and fusion (ACDF) for the treatment of symptomatic cervical disc disease.
Identification of a 24-gene prognostic signature that improves the European LeukemiaNet risk classification of acute myeloid leukemia: an international collaborative study.
Radiotherapy protocol deviations and clinical outcomes: a meta-analysis of cooperative group clinical trials.
Meta-analysis: preoperative transcatheter arterial chemoembolization does not improve prognosis of patients with resectable hepatocellular carcinoma.
Are behavioral interventions effective in increasing physical activity at 12 to 36 months in adults aged 55 to 70 years? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
A functional polymorphism T309G in MDM2 gene promoter, intensified by Helicobacter pylori lipopolysaccharide, is associated with both an increased susceptibility and poor prognosis of gastric carcinoma in Chinese patients.
How do autoimmune diseases cluster in families? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of high potency statins and rates of admission for acute kidney injury: multicenter, retrospective observational analysis of administrative databases.
Long-term outcomes of catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Potential effectiveness of traditional Chinese medicine for cardiac syndrome X (CSX): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tubal sterilization and breast cancer incidence: results from the cancer prevention study II nutrition cohort and meta-analysis.
A population-specific uncommon variant in GRIN3A associated with schizophrenia.
Association study of TRAF1/C5 polymorphism (rs10818488) with susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Current evidence on the relationship between five polymorphisms in the matrix metalloproteinases (MMP) gene and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Obstructive sleep apnea and oxygen therapy: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Breast cancer susceptibility gene 1 (BRCA1) predict clinical outcome in platinum- and toxal-based chemotherapy in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients: a system review and meta-analysis.
The association between the methionine/valine (M/V) polymorphism (rs1799990) in the PRNP gene and the risk of Alzheimer disease: an update by meta-analysis.
Motor control exercises reduces pain and disability in chronic and recurrent low  back pain: a meta-analysis.
Exercise training in solid organ transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Plasma total homocysteine status of vegetarians compared with omnivores: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessment by meta-analysis of interferon-gamma for the diagnosis of tuberculous  peritonitis.
Induction chemotherapy in patients with resectable head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of effect of vernakalant on conversion of atrial fibrillation.
Systematic review and network meta-analysis of interventions for fibromyalgia: a  protocol.
Association between cytotoxic T lymphocyte antigen-4 polymorphism and type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Use of thrombectomy devices in primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of remote ischemic preconditioning on postoperative kidney injury in patients undergoing cardiac and vascular interventions: a meta-analysis.
Cochrane review: social skills groups for people aged 6 to 21 with autism spectrum disorders (ASD).
Quantitative assessment of the associations between XRCC1 polymorphisms and bladder cancer risk.
Meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging in detecting residual breast cancer after neoadjuvant therapy.
Cognitive impairment associated with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Eradication of hepatitis C virus infection and the development of hepatocellular  carcinoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
NQO1 C609T polymorphism and esophageal cancer risk: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
The association between physical activity and renal cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the chromosome 9p21 locus and angiographic coronary artery disease burden: a collaborative meta-analysis.
Acupuncture for ankle sprain: systematic review and meta-analysis.
What are the most effective techniques in changing obese individuals' physical activity self-efficacy and behaviour: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The construct and criterion validity of the mini-CEX: a meta-analysis of the published research.
Nicardipine in the treatment of aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage: a meta-analysis of published data.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and risk of ovarian cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Widespread and sustained cognitive deficits in alcoholism: a meta-analysis.
Intervention to increase condom use and HIV testing among men who have sex with men in China: a meta-analysis.
ADC values and prognosis of malignant astrocytomas: does lower ADC predict a worse prognosis independent of grade of tumor?--a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: The association of hepatitis B virus genotypes and hepatocellular  carcinoma.
Meta-analysis: The diagnostic accuracy of critical flicker frequency in minimal hepatic encephalopathy.
Glutathione-S-transferase P1, early exposure to mould in relation to respiratory  and allergic health outcomes in children from six birth cohorts. A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of carvedilol versus beta 1 selective beta-blockers (atenolol, bisoprolol, metoprolol, and nebivolol).
Is there a dose-response relation of dietary glycemic load to risk of type 2 diabetes? Meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
The effect of maternal omega-3 (n-3) LCPUFA supplementation during pregnancy on early childhood cognitive and visual development: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of different dietary approaches to the management of type 2 diabetes.
The influence of rapid onsite evaluation on the adequacy rate of fine-needle aspiration cytology: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of comorbidity on mortality in patients with peptic ulcer bleeding: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do the lactotripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline reduce systolic blood pressure in European subjects? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of combined vs. single renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockade in chronic kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
Exercise-induced hypertension, cardiovascular events, and mortality in patients undergoing exercise stress testing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Performance of urinary liver-type fatty acid-binding protein in acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis.
A family-based association analysis and meta-analysis of the reading disabilities candidate gene DYX1C1.
Associations of the 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin) receptor 1B gene (HTR1B) with alcohol, cocaine, and heroin abuse.
The role of TNF-α 308G>A polymorphism in the risk for ischemic stroke.
Farming, reported pesticide use, and prostate cancer.
Metabolic syndrome and metabolic abnormalities in bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis of prevalence rates and moderators.
Hispanic mortality paradox: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the longitudinal literature.
Job strain and ambulatory blood pressure: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Gastrostomy use in motor neurone disease (MND): a review, meta-analysis and survey of current practice.
Study in 1790 Baltic men: FSHR Asn680Ser polymorphism affects total testes volume.
The insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism in the angiotensin-converting enzyme gene and erectile dysfunction risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between the interleukin-6 gene -572 C/G polymorphism and the risk of  type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of 11,681 subjects.
Alcohol drinking and all cancer mortality: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of body mass index and esophageal and gastric cardia adenocarcinoma.
Meta-analysis suggests that intensive non-biological combination therapy with step-down prednisolone (COBRA strategy) may also 'disconnect' disease activity and damage in rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis of chronic widespread pain: evidence  for involvement of the 5p15.2 region.
Effect of baseline rheumatoid factor and anticitrullinated peptide antibody serotype on rituximab clinical response: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of telbivudine on interruption of hepatitis B virus vertical transmission: a meta-analysis.
The effect of intraoperative rectal washout on local recurrence after rectal cancer surgery: a meta-analysis.
Short form 36-Item Health Survey test result on the empty nest elderly in China:  a meta-analysis.
Cueing and gait improvement among people with Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
CHADS2 score in predicting cerebrovascular events: a meta-analysis.
A genetic variant in granzyme B is associated with progression of joint destruction in rheumatoid arthritis.
The optimal timing for anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with respect to  the risk of postoperative stiffness.
T102C polymorphism of serotonin 2A type receptor gene confers susceptibility to (early onset) schizophrenia in Han Chinese: an association study and meta-analysis.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of mometasone furoate to other inhaled steroids for asthma: a meta-analysis.
Carotid intima-media thickness in patients with subclinical hypothyroidism: a meta-analysis.
Association of allelic variants of factor V Leiden, prothrombin and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase with thrombosis or ocular involvement in Behçet's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vascular risk factors and depression in later life: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin use and the risk of biochemical recurrence of prostate cancer after definitive local therapy: a meta-analysis of eight cohort studies.
Prognostic value of the CAPRA clinical prediction rule: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mean platelet volume in patients with ischemic heart disease: meta-analysis of diagnostic studies.
Body image of children and adolescents with chronic illness: a meta-analytic comparison with healthy peers.
Quantitative Ultrasound and bone's response to exercise: a meta analysis.
Exercise and bone mineral density in men: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of triclosan-coated sutures for the prevention of surgical-site infection.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the influence of circumferential resection margin involvement on survival in patients with operable oesophageal cancer.
Meta-analysis of prospective trials determining the short- and mid-term effect of elective open and endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms on quality of life.
Electrical stimulation and electromagnetic field use in patients with diabetic neuropathy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between lymphatic microvessel density and clinicopathological parameters in breast cancer.
Untreated maternal syphilis and adverse outcomes of pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Silhouette scales and body satisfaction in adolescents: a systematic literature  review].
Cerebral monitors versus regional anesthesia to detect cerebral ischemia in patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy: a meta-analysis.
Low-dose acetylsalicylic acid use and the risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials and observational studies.
Traumatic injury and multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
HBV infection increases the risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Outcomes of patients with chronic heart failure and iron deficiency treated with  intravenous iron: a meta-analysis.
Impact of the administration of probiotics on mortality in critically ill adult patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Self-esteem of children and adolescents with chronic illness: a meta-analysis.
The relation of moral emotion attributions to prosocial and antisocial behavior:  a meta-analysis.
Role of adjuvant chemoradiotherapy in treatment of resectable esophageal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Transcatheter aortic valve implantation versus surgical aortic valve replacement  for severe aortic stenosis: a meta analysis.
Fish consumption and incidence of heart failure: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Detection of left atrial appendage thrombus by cardiac computed tomography in patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Quantifying the effect of cardiopulmonary resuscitation quality on cardiac arrest outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists on the risk of sudden cardiac death in patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Impact of mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists on changes in cardiac structure  and function of left ventricular dysfunction: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk-benefit profile of warfarin versus aspirin in patients with heart failure and sinus rhythm: a meta-analysis.
Do evidence-based interventions work when tested in the "real world?" A systematic review and meta-analysis of parent management training for the treatment of child disruptive behavior.
Endothelial function measured using flow-mediated dilation in polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis of the observational studies.
Adverse events following statin-fenofibrate therapy versus statin alone: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Bisphosphonates are associated with reduced risk of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Computed tomography for assessing resectability of gallbladder carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Determinants of hepatitis C virus treatment completion and efficacy in drug users assessed by meta-analysis.
Mesiodistal tooth size in non-syndromic unilateral cleft lip and palate patients: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of internet addiction: a meta-analysis.
The role of impulsivity in pediatric obesity and weight status: a meta-analytic review.
A pooled analysis of MRI in the detection of bone marrow infiltration in patients with malignant lymphoma.
Long-term outcomes of antithymocyte globulin in patients with hematological malignancies undergoing myeloablative allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term continence disturbance after lateral internal sphincterotomy for chronic anal fissure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic mucosal resection vs endoscopic submucosal dissection for rectal carcinoid tumours: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and non-randomized studies comparing laparoscopic and open abdominoperineal resection for rectal cancer.
Is exercise training beneficial for heart failure patients taking β-adrenergic blockers? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Proton pump inhibitors versus histamine 2 receptor antagonists for stress ulcer prophylaxis in critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Methylene blue as a vasopressor: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Adverse events of statin-fenofibric acid versus statin monotherapy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Ethnic minority position and risk for psychotic disorders.
White matter integrity and its relationship to PTSD and childhood trauma--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Understanding performance deficits in developmental coordination disorder: a meta-analysis of recent research.
Efficacy of interventions to improve motor performance in children with developmental coordination disorder: a combined systematic review and meta-analysis.
Health care interventions to improve the quality of diabetes care in African Americans: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of the clinical effectiveness of different off-loading devices for the treatment of neuropathic foot ulcers in patients with diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis to compare glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes treated with exenatide once weekly or liraglutide once daily in comparison with insulin glargine, exenatide twice daily or placebo.
Diabetes mellitus and prostate cancer risk of different grade or stage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetic retinopathy in predicting diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes and renal disease: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of nucleos(t)ide analogues in patients with decompensated cirrhosis due to hepatitis B.
Rapid on-site evaluation increases endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine-needle aspiration adequacy for pancreatic lesions.
Occult hepatitis B virus and the risk for chronic liver disease: a meta-analysis.
Association of tumor necrosis factor-α gene G-308A polymorphism with dilated cardiomyopathy: a meta-analysis.
Pegylated interferon-α2a and ribavirin versus pegylated interferon-α2b and ribavirin in chronic hepatitis C : a meta-analysis.
Gastrointestinal adverse effects of short-term aspirin use: a meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials.
The diagnostic accuracy of Doppler echocardiography in assessment of pulmonary artery systolic pressure: a meta-analysis.
Incidental thyroid cancer in toxic and nontoxic goiter: Is TSH associated with malignanCy rate? Results of a meta-analysis.
Association between CYP2A6 genetic polymorphisms and lung cancer: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Effect of aerobic exercise training on maternal weight gain in pregnancy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The serotonin 1A receptor gene confer susceptibility to mood disorders: results from an extended meta-analysis of patients with major depression and bipolar disorder.
Short term results of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with fluoropyrimidine alone or in combination with oxaliplatin in locally advanced rectal cancer: a meta analysis.
Cigarette smoking and risk of lymphoma in adults: a comprehensive meta-analysis on Hodgkin and non-Hodgkin disease.
Meta-analysis of clinical studies comparing coronary artery bypass grafting with  percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with end-stage renal disease.
The role of Streptococcus pneumoniae in community-acquired pneumonia among adults in Europe: a meta-analysis.
Dietary advanced glycation end-product restriction for the attenuation of insulin resistance, oxidative stress and endothelial dysfunction: a systematic review.
Treatment discontinuation with methylphenidate in adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Vitamin D and risk of future hypertension: meta-analysis of 283,537 participants.
Nonlinear association between magnesium intake and the risk of colorectal cancer.
The effect of smoking on the risk of gallbladder cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Effects of Tai Chi training on exercise capacity and quality of life in patients  with chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Nocebo as a potential confounding factor in clinical trials for Parkinson's disease treatment: a meta-analysis.
Glycemic index, glycemic load and endometrial cancer risk: results from the Australian National Endometrial Cancer study and an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Human epididymis protein 4 for differential diagnosis between benign gynecologic  disease and ovarian cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incomplete clinical manifestation as a risk factor for coronary artery abnormalities in Kawasaki disease: a meta-analysis.
Clinical risk factors of delayed gastric emptying in patients after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of intraoperative rupture of the ovarian capsule on prognosis in patients  with early-stage epithelial ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Antineoplastic therapy combined with whole brain radiation compared with whole brain radiation alone for brain metastases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ranking antireabsorptive agents to prevent vertebral fractures in postmenopausal  osteoporosis by mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Null genotypes of GSTM1 and GSTT1 contribute to male factor infertility risk: a meta-analysis.
Impact of delirium on clinical outcome in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis.
CTLA-4 polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Transconjunctival sutureless vitrectomy versus 20-gauge vitrectomy for vitreoretinal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of luteal estradiol pre-treatment on the outcome of IVF in poor ovarian responders.
Effectiveness of GnRH antagonist in the treatment of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome undergoing IVF: a systematic review and meta analysis.
Depressive symptoms after CABG surgery: a meta-analysis.
Drug-eluting balloon angioplasty for in-stent restenosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Intensified therapy followed by autologous stem-cell transplantation (ASCT) versus conventional therapy as first-line treatment of follicular lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Hemorrhagic events in hepatocellular carcinoma patients treated with antiangiogenic therapies.
Activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of brain correlates of placebo analgesia in human experimental pain.
A large-scale meta-analysis of the association between the ANKK1/DRD2 Taq1A polymorphism and alcohol dependence.
Identification of genetic associations of SP110/MYBBP1A/RELA with pulmonary tuberculosis in the Chinese Han population.
-1722T/C polymorphism (rs733618) of CTLA-4 significantly associated with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE): a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Association between interleukin-1β C (3953/4)T polymorphism and chronic periodontitis: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Associations between interleukin-10 polymorphisms and susceptibility to systemic  lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
A pathway-based analysis provides additional support for an immune-related genetic susceptibility to Parkinson's disease.
Controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF: impact on ovarian, endometrial and cervical cancer--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Why we should talk about compliance with assisted reproductive technologies (ART): a systematic review and meta-analysis of ART compliance rates.
Why do singletons conceived after assisted reproduction technology have adverse perinatal outcome? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aliskiren vs. other antihypertensive drugs in the treatment of hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between Toll-like receptor 4 gene Asp299Gly and Thr399Ile polymorphisms and tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Declining risk of colorectal cancer in inflammatory bowel disease: an updated meta-analysis of population-based cohort studies.
Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis are associated with elevated standardized  mortality ratios: a meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance image in the diagnosis and evaluation of extra-prostatic extension and involvement of seminal vesicles of prostate cancer: a systematic review of literature and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of second-generation long-acting injections in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
Obesity and incidence of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Aspirin, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, paracetamol and risk of endometrial cancer: a case-control study, systematic review and meta-analysis.
Infliximab versus cyclosporine as rescue therapy in acute severe steroid-refractory ulcerative colitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Letter to the editor: a meta-analysis of MTHFR C677T polymorphism and colorectal  cancer risk in East Asians.
TNF-α-308 G>A polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Review and meta-analysis of the association between self-reported sharing of needles/syringes and hepatitis C virus prevalence and incidence among people who  inject drugs in Europe.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of cryotherapy in the treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia.
Catechol-O-methyltransferase and cytochrome P-450 1B1 polymorphisms and endometrial cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Dealing with clinical heterogeneity in meta-analysis. Assumptions, methods, interpretation.
Meta-analytic approaches to determine gender differences in the age-incidence characteristics of schizophrenia and related psychoses.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy of sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) receptor agonist FTY720 (fingolimod) in animal models of stroke.
Long-term outcome of one-piece implants. Part I: implant characteristics and loading protocols. A systematic literature review with meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the survival of non-feldspathic porcelain veneers over 5 and 10 years.
Electrophysiological indices of error monitoring in juvenile and adult attention  deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)--a meta-analytic appraisal.
Strategies for reducing treatment default in drug-resistant tuberculosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Robot-assisted radical prostatectomy compared with open and laparoscopic approaches: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Value of lower respiratory tract surveillance cultures to predict bacterial pathogens in ventilator-associated pneumonia: systematic review and diagnostic test accuracy meta-analysis.
Video-assisted thoracic surgery versus open thoracotomy for non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of propensity score-matched patients.
Parotitis as the presenting symptom of Wegener's granulomatosis: case report and  meta-analysis.
The risk of asthma exacerbation after stopping low-dose inhaled corticosteroids:  a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The Asthma Control Test and Asthma Control Questionnaire for assessing asthma control: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Developmental meta-analysis of the functional neural correlates of autism spectrum disorders.
Craniofacial morphological characteristics in children with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the probability of repeated admission score in community-dwelling adults.
Missing link in the service profit chain: a meta-analytic review of the antecedents, consequences, and moderators of service climate.
Turnover rates and organizational performance: a meta-analysis.
Posterior cruciate-retaining versus posterior-stabilized total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Is venous foot pump effective in prevention of thromboembolic disease after joint arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
The impact of parenting stress: a meta-analysis of studies comparing the experience of parenting stress in parents of children with and without autism spectrum disorder.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide studies identifies WNT16 and ESR1 SNPs associated with bone mineral density in premenopausal women.
Dual anti-platelet therapy after coronary artery bypass grafting: is there any benefit? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Home-based secondary prevention programs for patients with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of effects on anxiety.
Clinical review: Association between metabolic syndrome and periodontitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis identifies Back Pain Questionnaire reliability influenced more by instrument than study design or population.
The efficacy and safety of triple vs dual combination of angiotensin II receptor  blocker and calcium channel blocker and diuretic: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Peri-implant bone loss in cement- and screw-retained prostheses: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Optimal duration of dual-antiplatelet therapy following drug-eluting stent implantation: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging in detecting prostate cancer.
Effectiveness of problem-based learning in Chinese dental education: a meta-analysis.
Can repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation be considered effective treatment option for negative symptoms of schizophrenia?
Association between QRS duration and outcome with cardiac resynchronization therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
ECG-based signal analysis technologies for evaluating patients with acute coronary syndrome: a systematic review.
Insulin vs GLP-1 analogues in poorly controlled Type 2 diabetic subjects on oral  therapy: a meta-analysis.
Outcomes of surgical endodontic treatment performed by a modern technique: an updated meta-analysis of the literature.
Terbinafine in the treatment of dermatophyte toenail onychomycosis: a meta-analysis of efficacy for continuous and intermittent regimens.
Prevalence of inherited antithrombin, protein C, and protein S deficiencies in portal vein system thrombosis and Budd-Chiari syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Hiatal hernia and the risk of Barrett's esophagus.
Clinical usefulness and cost effectiveness of home blood pressure telemonitoring: meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
The association between psoriasis and hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Single-incision laparoscopic cholecystectomy versus multi-incision laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Common variants in HLA-DRA gene are associated with alcohol dependence in two Caucasian samples.
Prognostic role of C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 in dialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between interleukin-1α C(-889)T polymorphism and Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis including 12,817 subjects.
Polymorphisms of the serotonin transporter gene and post-stroke depression: a meta-analysis.
Cerebral microbleeds and the risk of intracerebral haemorrhage after thrombolysis for acute ischaemic stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Higher magnesium intake is associated with lower fasting glucose and insulin, with no evidence of interaction with select genetic loci, in a meta-analysis of 15 CHARGE Consortium Studies.
Inserting needles into the body: a meta-analysis of brain activity associated with acupuncture needle stimulation.
Transanal endorectal pull-through versus transabdominal approach for Hirschsprung's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between angiotensin II receptor, type 1 gene A1166C polymorphism and coronary artery disease in Chinese populations.
Resistin concentration and gestational diabetes: a systematic review of the literature.
Gay saunas and the risks of HIV and syphilis transmissions in China--results of a meta-analysis.
Plate versus intramedullary nail fixation in the treatment of humeral shaft fractures: an updated meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of postactivation potentiation and power: effects of conditioning activity, volume, gender, rest periods, and training status.
Meta-analysis of the association between P53 codon 72 polymorphisms and gastric cancer.
Endoscopic vein harvesting for coronary artery bypass grafting: a systematic review with meta-analysis of 27,789 patients.
Drug-eluting stents versus coronary artery bypass graft surgery in left main coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of early outcomes from randomized and nonrandomized studies.
Supplemental patient education for patients taking oral anticoagulants: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors and prevention of inguinal hernia after radical prostatectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of topical antifungals in the treatment of dermatophytosis: a mixed-treatment comparison meta-analysis involving 14 treatments.
Progression of lesion size in untreated eyes with exudative age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis using Lineweaver-Burk plots.
Cochlear implantation in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic treatment of pediatric headaches: a meta-analysis.
Risk-reducing appendectomy and the elimination of BRCA1-associated intraperitoneal cancer.
A meta-analysis of probiotic and synbiotic use in elective surgery: does nutrition modulation of the gut microbiome improve clinical outcome?
Complete versus culprit-only revascularization during primary percutaneous coronary intervention in ST-elevation myocardial infarction patients with multivessel disease: a meta-analysis.
Corticosteroids for prevention of mortality in people with tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Worldwide burden of HIV in transgender women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between lymphatic microvessel density and the survival of patient with colorectal cancer.
Intralesional corticosteroid injections in the treatment of central giant cell lesions of the jaws: a meta-analytic study.
Association between transforming growth factor-α polymorphism and ankylosing spondylitis: a meta-analysis update.
Association between the chemokine receptor 5 delta32 polymorphism and rheumatoid  arthritis: a meta-analysis.
The association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 18,628 individuals.
Association between the NBS1 Glu185Gln polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the CTLA-4 +49A/G polymorphism with rheumatoid arthritis in Chinese Han population.
IL-6 gene polymorphisms and CAD risk: a meta-analysis.
Pathway analysis of genome-wide association studies for Parkinson's disease.
Association between interleukin-18 polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferases gene polymorphisms and risk of male idiopathic infertility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Significant association of glutathione S-transferase T1 null genotype with esophageal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the associations between MTHFR C677T and A1298C polymorphisms and risk of fractures: a meta-analysis.
PTGDR polymorphisms and susceptibility to asthma: a meta-analysis.
Association of glutathione S-transferase P1 gene polymorphism with the histological types of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and bladder cancer risk.
Preeclampsia and ABO blood groups: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene 677C > T polymorphism and Down syndrome.
Association between the SERPINE1 (PAI-1) 4G/5G insertion/deletion promoter polymorphism (rs1799889) and pre-eclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Efficacy and safety of fondaparinux versus enoxaparin for preventing venous thromboembolism after major orthopedic surgery: a meta-analysis].
Genome-wide meta-analyses of multiancestry cohorts identify multiple new susceptibility loci for refractive error and myopia.
Identification of a novel ANKK1 and other dopaminergic (DRD2 and DBH) gene variants in migraine susceptibility.
Clinically meaningful efficacy and acceptability of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating primary major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
Functional brain changes following cognitive and motor skills training: a quantitative meta-analysis.
The effects of N-methyl D-aspartate and B-adrenergic receptor antagonists on the  reconsolidation of reward memory: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of emergency department-initiated tobacco control--systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between dopamine receptor 2 TaqIA polymorphisms and smoking behavior  with an influence of ethnicity: a systematic review and meta-analysis update.
[Smoking and neurological disorders].
[Tobacco smoking and cancer risk: epidemiological evidence].
Magnesium intake and incidence of stroke: meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Effectiveness of immunonutrient-enriched diets in the decrease of infections and  mortality in the critically ill.
Obesity and C-reactive protein in various populations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gender difference of childhood overweight and obesity in predicting the risk of incident asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of interventions to promote physical activity among socioeconomically disadvantaged women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Concomitant cholecystectomy during laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass in obese patients is not justified: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between body mass index and health-related quality of life among adults, assessed by the SF-36.
Ginger as an antiemetic modality for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Macrolide therapy for chronic rhinosinusitis: a meta-analysis.
Association between hepatitis B or hepatitis C virus infection and risk of pancreatic adenocarcinoma development: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of combined pharmacologic and mechanical thromboprophylaxis versus either method alone in major orthopedic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is supervised exercise training safe in patients with anorexia nervosa? A meta-analysis.
Propranolol versus corticosteroids in the treatment of infantile hemangioma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study and gene expression analysis identifies CD84 as a predictor of response to etanercept therapy in rheumatoid arthritis.
The effect of participation in school-based nutrition education interventions on  body mass index: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled community trials.
Volatile organic compounds and risk of asthma and allergy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational and interventional studies.
A meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of the new α1A-adrenoceptor-selective antagonist silodosin for treating lower urinary tract symptoms associated with BPH.
Psychopathy and the combination of psychopathy and sexual deviance as predictors  of sexual recidivism: meta-analytic findings using the Psychopathy Checklist--Revised.
An interdisciplinary meta-analysis of the potential antecedents, correlates, and  consequences of protégé perceptions of mentoring.
The malleability of spatial skills: a meta-analysis of training studies.
Evidence of diagnostic specificity in the neural correlates of facial affect processing in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of functional imaging studies.
Prophylaxis with antipsychotic medication reduces the risk of post-operative delirium in elderly patients: a meta-analysis.
Convergent validity of the international physical activity questionnaire (IPAQ):  meta-analysis.
Intravenous and nebulized magnesium sulfate for treating acute asthma in adults and children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Five-year outcomes following PCI with DES versus CABG for unprotected LM coronary lesions: meta-analysis and meta-regression of 2914 patients.
Relationship of symptom duration and fecal bacteriotherapy in Clostridium difficile infection-pooled data analysis and a systematic review.
Is the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and metabolic abnormalities increased in  early schizophrenia? A comparative meta-analysis of first episode, untreated and  treated patients.
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome and metabolic abnormalities in schizophrenia and related disorders--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Striatal dopamine transporter availability in drug-naive patients with schizophrenia: a case-control SPECT study with [(99m)Tc]-TRODAT-1 and a meta-analysis.
Resting-state brain activity in schizophrenia and major depression: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Theory of mind impairments in first-episode psychosis, individuals at ultra-high  risk for psychosis and in first-degree relatives of schizophrenia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Changes in insight during treatment for psychotic disorders: a meta-analysis.
Chlamydia screening in community pharmacies: a systematic literature review of the characteristics of service users and a meta-analysis of chlamydia prevalence.
Effects of continuous positive airway pressure on glycemic control and insulin resistance in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Effects of resistance training on respiratory function in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of dietary weight loss on obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
The social evaluation of faces: a meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies.
The neglect of child neglect: a meta-analytic review of the prevalence of neglect.
Physical activity interventions and depression in children and adolescents : a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for stroke recovery: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Intraoperative radiotherapy in colorectal cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of techniques, long-term outcomes, and complications.
A meta-analysis comparing simultaneous versus delayed resections in patients with synchronous colorectal liver metastases.
Intracorporeal versus extracorporeal anastomosis during laparoscopic right hemicolectomy - systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the CCR5Δ32 polymorphism and its ligand RANTES-403G/A polymorphism with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis evaluating the effectiveness of two different upper limb hemiparesis interventions on improving health-related quality of life following stroke.
The argument for the use of mizoribine in renal transplantation: a meta-analysis  and systemic review.
Meta-analysis of second-trimester markers for trisomy 21.
Progression-free survival with fulvestrant 500 mg and alternative endocrine therapies as second-line treatment for advanced breast cancer: a network meta-analysis with parametric survival models.
Poor prognosis of uterine serous carcinoma compared with grade 3 endometrioid carcinoma in early stage patients.
[Meta-analysis of studies on cut-off value of serum ferritin for identifying iron deficiency].
[Effects of soy protein supplement on overweight and obese population: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
[Meta analysis of efficacy and safety between mammotome minimally invasive operation and open excision for benign breast tumor].
[Meta analysis of acupuncture in the treatment of optic atrophy].
[Effect of promoter polymorphism of organic cation transporter OCTN1/2 on the susceptibility to Crohns disease: a Meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis on the prognostic value of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A in acute coronary syndrome].
[The effect of neuromuscular blocking agents on prognosis of patients with acute  respiratory distress syndrome: a meta analysis].
The effect of statins on testosterone in men and women, a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Ciclesonide versus other inhaled corticosteroids for chronic asthma in children.
Non pharmacological interventions for spasticity in multiple sclerosis.
Interventions for promoting reintegration and reducing harmful behaviour and lifestyles in street-connected children and young people.
Optimal timing for antiretroviral therapy initiation in patients with HIV infection and concurrent cryptococcal meningitis.
Inhaled corticosteroids for subacute cough in children.
Surgical cytoreduction for recurrent epithelial ovarian cancer.
Interventions for smoking cessation and reduction in individuals with schizophrenia.
Chest physiotherapy for pneumonia in adults.
Preoperative chemoradiation versus radiation alone for stage II and III resectable rectal cancer.
Nutritional interventions for reducing morbidity and mortality in people with HIV.
Methadone at tapered doses for the management of opioid withdrawal.
Pulmonary artery catheters for adult patients in intensive care.
Drug therapy for preventing post-dural puncture headache.
Association between CASP-8 gene polymorphisms and cancer risk in some Asian population based on a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Surveillance intervals for small abdominal aortic aneurysms: a meta-analysis.
Association of fascin-1 with mortality, disease progression and metastasis in carcinomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of initial severity of depression on effectiveness of low intensity interventions: meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Outcomes after coronary computed tomography angiography in the emergency department: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Diffusion tensor imaging in parkinsonian syndromes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Consumption of coffee associated with reduced risk of liver cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between MTR A2756G and MTRR A66G polymorphisms and maternal risk for  neural tube defects: a meta-analysis.
The lack of association between interleukin-6 gene -174 G/C polymorphism and the  risk of type 1 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of 18,152 subjects.
Lack of association between EGF +61A>G polymorphism and melanoma susceptibility in Caucasians: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Impact of geriatric consultation teams on clinical outcome in acute hospitals: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immediate vs. delayed stenting in acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
PIN1-842G/C and -667T/C polymorphisms are not associated with the susceptibility  of Alzheimer's disease: pooled analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Modulation of intestinal functions following mycotoxin ingestion: meta-analysis of published experiments in animals.
Consumption of red and processed meat and esophageal cancer risk: meta-analysis.
Dietary flavonoid intake and risk of stomach and colorectal cancer.
Roux-en-Y versus Billroth I reconstruction after distal gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Comorbidity of personality disorders in anxiety disorders: a meta-analysis of 30  years of research.
Effects of psycho-oncologic interventions on emotional distress and quality of life in adult patients with cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
HER3 overexpression and survival in solid tumors: a meta-analysis.
Association of hydroxyethyl starch administration with mortality and acute kidney injury in critically ill patients requiring volume resuscitation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Optimal timing of coronary invasive strategy in non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Percutaneous coronary intervention versus optimal medical therapy for prevention  of spontaneous myocardial infarction in subjects with stable ischemic heart disease.
A meta-analysis of aortic root size in elite athletes.
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids to prevent atrial fibrillation: updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of effect on mortality of percutaneous recanalization of coronary chronic total occlusions using a stent-based strategy.
Protocol for a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis of prognostic factors of foot ulceration in people with diabetes: the international  research collaboration for the prediction of diabetic foot ulcerations (PODUS).
Hydroxyethyl starch 130/0.38-0.45 versus crystalloid or albumin in patients with  sepsis: systematic review with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
KRAS p.G13D mutation and codon 12 mutations are not created equal in predicting clinical outcomes of cetuximab in metastatic colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between papillary thyroid carcinoma and histologically proven Hashimoto's thyroiditis: a meta-analysis.
Association between IL13 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to cancer: a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase 677TT genotype might be associated with an increased lung cancer risk in Asians.
Association between interleukin-10 promoter polymorphisms and endometriosis: a meta-analysis.
Common variation at 2q22.3 (ZEB2) influences the risk of renal cancer.
Impact of neuraminidase inhibitor treatment on outcomes of public health importance during the 2009-2010 influenza A(H1N1) pandemic: a systematic review and meta-analysis in hospitalized patients.
A quantitative meta-analysis and review of motor learning in the human brain.
Individual patient data meta-analysis for the clinical assessment of coronary computed tomography angiography: protocol of the Collaborative Meta-Analysis of Cardiac CT (CoMe-CCT).
A meta-analysis of cancer risk associated with the TP53 intron 3 duplication polymorphism (rs17878362): geographic and tumor-specific effects.
Pre-existing diabetes mellitus increases the risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
The association between metabolic syndrome and the risk of prostate cancer, high-grade prostate cancer, advanced prostate cancer, prostate cancer-specific mortality and biochemical recurrence.
Intermittent preventive therapy for malaria during pregnancy using 2 vs 3 or more doses of sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine and risk of low birth weight in Africa: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early repolarization pattern and risk for arrhythmia death: a meta-analysis.
Self-collected HPV testing improves participation in cervical cancer screening: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antioxidant supplementation for the prevention of post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association study between methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss: a meta-analysis.
Reduced risk of colorectal cancer with use of oral bisphosphonates: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Positive psychology interventions: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Meta-analysis demonstrates association of the TGF-β1 gene -C509T polymorphism with susceptibility to IgA nephropathy in European but not in Asian populations.
Work stress and risk of cancer: meta-analysis of 5700 incident cancer events in 116,000 European men and women.
Meta-analysis demonstrates association between TLR polymorphisms and rheumatoid arthritis.
Preoperative administration of bevacizumab is safe for patients with colorectal liver metastases.
Do interventions to promote walking in groups increase physical activity? A meta-analysis.
Rates of radiolucency and loosening after total shoulder arthroplasty with pegged or keeled glenoid components.
BAY11 enhances OCT4 synthetic mRNA expression in adult human skin cells.
Depression in epilepsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of dietary linoleic acid for secondary prevention of coronary heart disease and death: evaluation of recovered data from the Sydney Diet Heart Study and updated meta-analysis.
Coalescent inference for infectious disease: meta-analysis of hepatitis C.
Survival of patients with non-small cell lung cancer without treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physical therapy treatments for low back pain in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Evidence for using air or fluid when identifying the epidural space.
Technology-enhanced simulation in emergency medicine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of contrast enhanced ultrasound in patients with prostate  cancer: a meta-analysis.
Smoking and absence from work: systematic review and meta-analysis of occupational studies.
Meta-analysis of naltrexone and acamprosate for treating alcohol use disorders: when are these medications most helpful?
Past major depression and smoking cessation outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis update.
Meta-analysis: recurrence and survival following the use of sirolimus in liver transplantation for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Meta-analysis: Barrett's oesophagus and the risk of colonic tumours.
Safety and efficacy of everolimus- versus sirolimus-eluting stents: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized trials.
Head-to-head comparison of prospectively triggered vs retrospectively gated coronary computed tomography angiography: Meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy, image quality, and radiation dose.
Anemia and mortality in acute coronary syndromes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review with dose-response meta-analyses between vitamin B-12 intake and European Micronutrient Recommendations Aligned's prioritized biomarkers of vitamin B-12 including randomized controlled trials and observational studies in  adults and elderly persons.
Multivitamin-multimineral supplementation and mortality: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of coenzyme Q₁₀ supplementation on heart failure: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies in late-life depression.
Systematic review of the effectiveness of pharmacologic interventions to improve  quality of life and well-being in people with dementia.
Efficacy and safety of dual calcium channel blockade for the treatment of hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative chlorhexidine shower or bath for prevention of surgical site infection: a meta-analysis.
Common genetic variation and antidepressant efficacy in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of three genome-wide pharmacogenetic studies.
Effect of waxy maize-derived hydroxyethyl starch 130/0.4 on renal function in surgical patients.
Real-time two-dimensional ultrasound guidance for central venous cannulation: a meta-analysis.
Antihypertensive effects of bioactive tripeptides-a random effects meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of alcohol consumption and the risk of brain tumours.
Psychological effect of exercise in women with breast cancer receiving adjuvant therapy: what is the optimal dose needed?
Light alcohol drinking and cancer: a meta-analysis.
Dexmedetomidine versus morphine or fentanyl in the management of children after tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Preoperative magnetic resonance imaging in breast cancer: meta-analysis of surgical outcomes.
Surgical strategies that may decrease leak after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 9991 cases.
Hand-sewn versus mechanical esophagogastric anastomosis after esophagectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prophylactic magnesium does not prevent atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
A cohort study and meta-analysis between histopathological classification and prognosis of gastric carcinoma.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of vancomycin-induced nephrotoxicity associated with dosing schedules that maintain troughs between 15 and 20 milligrams per liter.
Community-acquired neonatal and infant sepsis in developing countries: efficacy of WHO's currently recommended antibiotics--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Should factor V Leiden mutation and prothrombin gene polymorphism testing be done in women with recurrent miscarriage from North India?
Association between the interleukin-4 gene C-589T and C+33T polymorphisms and asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Outcomes of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction using single-bundle versus  double-bundle technique: meta-analysis of 19 randomized controlled trials.
Arthroscopic single-row versus double-row rotator cuff repair: a meta-analysis of the randomized clinical trials.
Accuracy of magnetic resonance imaging in grading knee chondral defects.
A gene-centric study of common carotid artery remodelling.
Influence of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-supplementation on platelet aggregation in humans: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prognostic significance of β-catenin expression in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effects of metformin in women with polycystic ovary syndrome treated with gonadotrophins for in vitro fertilisation and intracytoplasmic sperm injection cycles: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Should oral misoprostol be used to prevent postpartum haemorrhage in home-birth settings in low-resource countries? A systematic review of the evidence.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for lower urinary tract symptoms in benign  prostatic hyperplasia: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Photoselective vaporization with the green light laser vs transurethral resection of the prostate for treating benign prostate hyperplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of perioperative dexamethasone on postoperative analgesia and side-effects: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Appearance-based interventions to reduce ultraviolet exposure and/or increase sun protection intentions and behaviours: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
A meta-analysis to determine the effect of preinjury antiplatelet agents on mortality in patients with blunt head trauma.
Vitamin D deficiency and depression in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of procalcitonin,  C-reactive protein and white blood cell count for suspected acute appendicitis.
Night-shift work and risk of breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bone mineral density and risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women.
Repeat sentinel node biopsy in patients with locally recurrent breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Which nomogram is best for predicting non-sentinel lymph node metastasis in breast cancer patients? A meta-analysis.
Physical activity and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Mortality among people who inject drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of bleeding on triple antithrombotic therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention/stenting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of omega-3 fatty acids for the prevention of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
10-Year Framingham risk in patients with retinal vein occlusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lactobacillus for preventing recurrent urinary tract infections in women: meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of coffee and tea consumption and the risk of glioma in adults.
Areca nut chewing and esophageal squamous-cell carcinoma risk in Asians: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Risk factors for gastric cancer in Latin America: a meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of hypertension with pazopanib in patients with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Smoking and risk of meningioma: a meta-analysis.
Elemene, one ingredient of a Chinese herb, against malignant tumors: a literature-based meta-analysis.
Denosumab in patients with cancer and skeletal metastases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bleeding of new oral anticoagulants for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Early versus delayed percutaneous coronary intervention for patients with non-ST  segment elevation acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of executive components of working memory.
A meta-analysis of carotid endarterectomy versus stenting in the treatment of symptomatic carotid stenosis.
Association of genome-wide variation with highly sensitive cardiac troponin-T levels in European Americans and Blacks: a meta-analysis from atherosclerosis risk in communities and cardiovascular health studies.
Contrast-induced acute kidney injury and risk of adverse clinical outcomes after  coronary angiography: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Novel oral anticoagulants in atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of large, randomized, controlled trials vs warfarin.
Albumin infusion improves outcomes of patients with spontaneous bacterial peritonitis: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials on preoperative oral carbohydrate treatment in elective surgery.
Effect of gastric versus post-pyloric feeding on the incidence of pneumonia in critically ill patients: observations from traditional and Bayesian random-effects meta-analysis.
Spanking, corporal punishment and negative long-term outcomes: a meta-analytic review of longitudinal studies.
Impact of support on the effectiveness of written cognitive behavioural self-help: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Media effects of experimental presentation of the ideal physique on eating disorder symptoms: a meta-analysis of laboratory studies.
Efficacy of psychological interventions aiming to reduce chronic nightmares: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of cognitive therapy for worry in generalized anxiety disorder.
Sibling relationship quality and psychopathology of children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of exposure in group cognitive behavioral therapy for posttraumatic stress disorder.
Telaprevir versus boceprevir in chronic hepatitis C: a meta-analysis of data from phase II and III trials.
Efficacy and tolerability of febuxostat in hyperuricemic patients with or without gout: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical trial safety data in a drug development program: answers to frequently asked questions.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of fluoride toothpastes on the prevention of dental caries in the primary dentition of preschool children.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme I/D polymorphism is associated with COPD risk in Asian population: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Toothbrushing for critically ill mechanically ventilated patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials evaluating ventilator-associated pneumonia.
Is cardiac resynchronization therapy an antiarrhythmic therapy for atrial fibrillation? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Paclitaxel-based versus docetaxel-based regimens in metastatic breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
ADIPOQ gene polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Insulin degludec improves health-related quality of life (SF-36® ) compared with  insulin glargine in people with Type 2 diabetes starting on basal insulin: a meta-analysis of phase 3a trials.
Eating problems in adolescents with Type 1 diabetes: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between depression and insulin resistance.
Association between physical activity and risk of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular disease in patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Hypoglycaemia risk with insulin degludec compared with insulin glargine in type 2 and type 1 diabetes: a pre-planned meta-analysis of phase 3 trials.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors and cardiovascular risk: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Association between Helicobacter pylori infection and diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Safety profile and outcome of mild therapeutic hypothermia in patients following  cardiac arrest: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of positron emission tomography using ¹¹C-methionine in patients with suspected parathyroid adenoma: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of cinacalcet combined with conventional therapy on bone and mineral metabolism in dialysis patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism: a meta-analysis.
Persistent organic pollutants and type 2 diabetes: a prospective analysis in the  nurses' health study and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the use of tranexamic acid in tonsillectomy.
Quantitative assessment of the association between GSTM1 null genotype and laryngeal cancer risk.
Venturing into ventricular arrhythmia storm: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Obesity and risk of malignant melanoma: a meta-analysis of cohort and case-control studies.
High expression of miR-21 and miR-155 predicts recurrence and unfavourable survival in non-small cell lung cancer.
Can diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DW-MRI) alone be used as a reliable sequence for the preoperative detection and characterisation of hepatic  metastases? A meta-analysis.
Role of gemcitabine-based combination therapy in the management of advanced pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Fish consumption and risk of esophageal cancer and its subtypes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Cardiovascular safety of lumiracoxib: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials in patients with osteoarthritis.
Chemotherapy plus multitargeted antiangiogenic tyrosine kinase inhibitors or chemotherapy alone in advanced NSCLC: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Dietary fiber consumption and risk of stroke.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and the risk of acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Endoscopic ultrasound elastography for differentiation of benign and malignant pancreatic masses: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Radiofrequency ablation plus chemoembolization versus radiofrequency ablation alone for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
Rash with the multitargeted kinase inhibitors nilotinib and dasatinib: meta-analysis and clinical characterization.
Association between glycated haemoglobin and the risk of congestive heart failure in diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evolution of brain gray matter loss in Huntington's disease: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of temozolomide for recurrent glioblastoma multiforme.
Clinical usefulness of breast-specific gamma imaging as an adjunct modality to mammography for diagnosis of breast cancer: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Porous tantalum rod implant is an effective and safe choice for early-stage femoral head necrosis: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Treadmill interventions with partial body weight support in children under six years of age at risk of neuromotor delay: a report of a Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of fish-oil supplements for the prevention and treatment of hypertension.
Accuracy of whole-body FDG-PET and FDG-PET/CT in M staging of nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with FIGO stage IB1 to IIA cervical cancer: an international collaborative meta-analysis.
Time to all-cause treatment discontinuation of olanzapine compared to other antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Helical CT-enteroclysis in the detection of small-bowel tumours: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of conservative treatment, without necrosectomy, for infected pancreatic necrosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statins are associated with a reduced risk of hepatocellular cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An association between -866G/A polymorphism in the promoter of UCP2 and obesity:  a meta-analysis.
[Sleep and breast cancer: is there a link?].
The prognostic value of vascular endothelial growth factor in ovarian cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of 18-F-FDG PET imaging in the follow up of endometrial cancer patients: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Specialist clinics for reducing emergency admissions in patients with heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Impact of intracoronary cell therapy on left ventricular function in the setting  of acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled clinical trials.
Effect of left ventricular ejection fraction and QRS duration on the survival benefit of implantable cardioverter-defibrillators: meta-analysis of primary prevention trials.
The association between asthma and Helicobacter pylori: a meta-analysis.
Bypass surgery versus percutaneous coronary intervention for the treatment of unprotected left main disease. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Salivary gland-type renal carcinoma, a subset of collecting duct carcinoma: case  report and meta-analysis of the entity.
Do team and individual debriefs enhance performance? A meta-analysis.
Association between variants of EXT2 and type 2 diabetes: a replication and meta-analysis.
CD226 Gly307Ser association with multiple autoimmune diseases: a meta-analysis.
A pan-European study of the C9orf72 repeat associated with FTLD: geographic prevalence, genomic instability, and intermediate repeats.
Graduated driver licensing and motor vehicle crashes involving teenage drivers: an exploratory age-stratified meta-analysis.
Body mass index and survival in patients with renal cell carcinoma: a clinical-based cohort and meta-analysis.
Cap-assisted colonoscopy versus conventional colonoscopy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular aspects of psoriasis: an updated review.
Cochrane review on 'Statins for the treatment of dementia'.
The role of preexisting diabetes mellitus on incidence and mortality of endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
High vancomycin minimum inhibitory concentration and clinical outcomes in adults  with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infections: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of common genetic variants identified by GWAS for early onset and morbid obesity in population-based samples.
Current concepts on the effect of environmental factors on cleft lip and palate.
Predicting radiation pneumonitis after chemoradiation therapy for lung cancer: an international individual patient data meta-analysis.
Effects of quercetin supplementation on endurance performance and maximal oxygen  consumption: a meta-analysis.
Does increased hepatitis B vaccination dose lead to a better immune response in HIV-infected patients than standard dose vaccination: a meta-analysis?
PON gene polymorphisms and ischaemic stroke: a systematic review and meta analysis.
Respiratory muscle strength and training in stroke and neurology: a systematic review.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of prophylactic antibiotics in COPD and/or chronic bronchitis.
Allograft versus autograft for anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: an up-to-date meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Single-bundle versus double-bundle anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: an  up-to-date meta-analysis.
Does using comprehensive preoperative bowel preparation offer any advantage for urinary diversion using ileum? A meta-analysis.
Insulin and hypertonic glucose in the management of aseptic fat liquefaction of post-surgical incision: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Identification of a candidate gene for astigmatism.
Mapping procedures can produce non-centered auditory images in bilateral cochlear implantees.
Systematic review of randomized controlled trials to regulate glycaemia after stroke.
Surgical fixation vs nonoperative management of flail chest: a meta-analysis.
Discriminative ability and predictive validity of the timed up and go test in identifying older people who fall: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exercise training for blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Normal ranges of left ventricular strain: a meta-analysis.
Associations between hemodialysis access type and clinical outcomes: a systematic review.
Outcomes of clofazimine for the treatment of drug-resistant tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Perioperative administration of selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors for postoperative pain management in patients after total knee arthroplasty.
Meta-analysis of vertebral augmentation compared with conservative treatment for  osteoporotic spinal fractures.
Effect of psychosocial interventions on quality of life in patients with chronic  heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of isoflurane on survival and myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Variant rs2200733 on chromosome 4q25 confers increased risk of atrial fibrillation: evidence from a meta-analysis.
n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids for the prevention of postoperative atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic accuracy and reproducibility of WHO-endorsed phenotypic drug susceptibility testing methods for first-line and second-line antituberculosis drugs.
No need for rescue medication (NNR) as an easily interpretable efficacy outcome measure in analgesic trials: validation in an individual-patient meta-analysis of dental pain placebo-controlled trials of naproxen.
High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation accelerates and enhances the clinical response to antidepressants in major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, and sham-controlled trials.
Effect of topiramate on weight gain in patients receiving atypical antipsychotic  agents.
Effect of oral appliances on blood pressure in obstructive sleep apnea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of and dropout from outpatient cognitive behavioral therapy for adult unipolar depression: a meta-analysis of nonrandomized effectiveness studies.
Effect of metabolic syndrome and its components on prostate cancer risk: meta-analysis.
Carotid artery stenting-induced hemodynamic instability.
Meta-analysis: mortality and serious adverse events of peginterferon plus ribavirin therapy for chronic hepatitis C.
Acid-suppressive therapy is associated with spontaneous bacterial peritonitis in  cirrhotic patients: a meta-analysis.
A pooled analysis of diffusion-weighted imaging in the diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic liver diseases.
Meta-analysis of bioabsorbable staple line reinforcement and risk of fistula following pancreatic resection.
Simulation-based training for cardiac auscultation skills: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Infectious risk of endovaginal and transrectal ultrasonography: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adjuvant steroid therapy in community-acquired pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of rs10954213 polymorphisms and haplotype diversity in interferon regulatory factor 5 with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of salicylates for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Human papillomavirus infection and laryngeal cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
N-acetyltransferase 1 polymorphism and bladder cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Prevalence of human papillomavirus in women attending cervical screening in the UK and Ireland: new data from northern Ireland and a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the transforming growth factor-β1 polymorphisms and susceptibility to Alzheimer's disease.
Seasonal and meteorological determinants of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of an association between the XRCC1 polymorphisms and gliomas risk.
Natural history of cerebral arteriovenous malformations: a meta-analysis.
Gender differences in the diagnostic accuracy of SPECT myocardial perfusion imaging: a bivariate meta-analysis.
Occupational exposure to extremely low-frequency magnetic fields and neurodegenerative disease: a meta-analysis.
Graft for prevention of Frey syndrome after parotidectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk factors for persistent problems following acute whiplash injury: update of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do community specialist palliative care services that provide home nursing increase rates of home death for people with life-limiting illnesses? A systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Meta-analysis of the association between body mass index and health-related quality of life among children and adolescents, assessed using the pediatric quality of life inventory index.
Chorioamnionitis as a risk factor for necrotizing enterocolitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early and late studies of EMD use in periodontal intrabony defects.
Effect of the timing of restoration on implant marginal bone loss: a systematic review.
Early cosmetic outcomes with the use of skin adhesives: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Unaffected control of distractor interference in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of incompatibility slowing in flanker tasks.
Blonanserin for schizophrenia: systematic review and meta-analysis of double-blind, randomized, controlled trials.
Association of diabetes with anxiety: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predicting success and failure in juvenile drug treatment court: a meta-analytic  review.
The comparative effectiveness of outpatient treatment for adolescent substance abuse: a meta-analysis.
Anticoagulant therapy for venous thromboembolism during pregnancy: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of the literature.
Clopidogrel treatment and the incidence and severity of community acquired pneumonia in a cohort study and meta-analysis of antiplatelet therapy in pneumonia and critical illness.
Systematic review and meta analysis of randomized controlled trials on Tianmagouteng decoction in treatment of primary hypertension with liver Yang hyperactivity syndrome.
Effect of Tianshu capsule in treatment of migraine: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Meta-analysis of sonography in the diagnosis of inguinal hernias.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of open surgical and endovascular management  of thoracic outlet vascular injuries.
A meta-analysis of outcomes of endovascular abdominal aortic aneurysm repair in patients with hostile and friendly neck anatomy.
Same-day discharge compared with overnight hospitalization after uncomplicated percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Angiographic success and procedural complications in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary chronic total occlusion interventions: a weighted meta-analysis of 18,061 patients from 65 studies.
Beta-blockers and outcome in heart failure and atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Isotretinoin and risk for inflammatory bowel disease: a nested case-control study and meta-analysis of published and unpublished data.
Meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of inhibition and  attention in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: exploring task-specific, stimulant medication, and age effects.
Diagnostic accuracy of same-day microscopy versus standard microscopy for pulmonary tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Photodynamic therapy in the treatment of chronic periodontitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the association between HIV infection and extrapulmonary tuberculosis.
Increased risk of second lung cancer in Hodgkin's lymphoma survivors: a meta-analysis.
Association of the interleukin-10 gene polymorphism (-1082A/G) with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Can diffusion-weighted imaging be used as a reliable sequence in the detection of malignant pulmonary nodules and masses?
Recapitulation of four hypertension susceptibility genes (CSK, CYP17A1, MTHFR, and FGF5) in East Asians.
Analgesic efficacy of continuous intravenous magnesium infusion as an adjuvant to morphine for postoperative analgesia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Apo A5 -1131T/C, FgB -455G/A, -148C/T, and CETP TaqIB gene polymorphisms and coronary artery disease in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis of 15,055 subjects.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of PSMA6 variant (rs1048990) on coronary artery disease risk.
Quantitative assessment of the effect of ABCA1 gene polymorphism on the risk of Alzheimer's disease.
The l58Val/Met polymorphism of catechol-O-methyl transferase gene and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The genetic polymorphisms of intercellular cell adhesion molecules and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of interleukin 1β -511C/T and susceptibility to sporadic Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase M1, T1, and P1 polymorphisms and risk of glioma: a meta-analysis.
Significant association between GSTT1 null genotype and risk of asthma during childhood in Caucasians.
GPX1 gene Pro200Leu polymorphism, erythrocyte GPX activity, and cancer risk.
Associations between interferon regulatory factor 5 polymorphisms and rheumatoid  arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Association between the interleukin-4, interleukin-13 polymorphisms and asthma: a meta-analysis.
Toll-like receptor polymorphisms and vasculitis susceptibility: meta-analysis and systematic review.
The effect of PPARG gene polymorphisms on the risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Expression of survivin and patients survival in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of the published studies.
The roles of ADIPOQ genetic variations in cancer risk: evidence from published studies.
Association of RANTES and MBL gene polymorphisms with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Association of angiotensinogen M235T gene polymorphism with end-stage renal disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of PPARG P12A polymorphism on gestational diabetes mellitus risk.
The value of radiologic interventions and (18)F-DOPA PET in diagnosing and localizing focal congenital hyperinsulinism: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between CYP1A1 T6235C polymorphism and coronary artery disease: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Association between the +104T/C polymorphism in the 5'UTR of GDF5 and susceptibility to knee osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between DCDC2 polymorphisms and risk of dyslexia.
Three meta-analyses define a set of commonly overexpressed genes from microarray  datasets on astrocytomas.
The risk of developing multiple sclerosis in individuals seronegative for Epstein-Barr virus: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association analyses identify multiple loci associated with central corneal thickness and keratoconus.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies new susceptibility loci for Behçet's  disease and epistasis between HLA-B*51 and ERAP1.
Genome-wide association analyses in East Asians identify new susceptibility loci  for colorectal cancer.
Effect of ultrapure dialysate on markers of inflammation, oxidative stress, nutrition and anemia parameters: a meta-analysis.
Mycophenolate mofetil versus azathioprine as maintenance therapy for lupus nephritis: a meta-analysis.
Fe and Cu do not differ in Parkinson's disease: a replication study plus meta-analysis.
Spatial smoothing systematically biases the localization of reward-related brain  activity.
Emotional valence modulates brain functional abnormalities in depression: evidence from a meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Effects of moderating factors including serotonin transporter polymorphisms on smoking behavior: a systematic review and meta-analysis update.
Atherosclerosis prevention by nutritional factors: a meta-analysis in small animal models.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of micronutrient intakes during pregnancy in developed countries.
Vitamin D and dental caries in controlled clinical trials: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Is beer consumption related to measures of abdominal and general obesity? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of plasma triacylglycerol levels in vegetarians and omnivores: a meta-analysis.
The effect of obesity on polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Platinum derivatives during pregnancy in cervical cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Subgroup-specific therapy of low back pain: description and validity of two classification systems].
Models of care for the secondary prevention of osteoporotic fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of anti-heat shock protein 70 antibodies for the detection of autoimmune hearing loss.
Botulinum toxin for the treatment of sialorrhea: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of voice outcome comparing calcium hydroxylapatite injection laryngoplasty to silicone thyroplasty.
Efficacy and safety of intraoperative dexmedetomidine for acute postoperative pain in children: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Zoledronate for metastatic bone disease and pain: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials of central nervous system directed therapy for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Association of maternal education with the neuroblastoma susceptibility in children: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy in categorizing perceptually ambiguous groups: a review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of oro-cecal transit time in fasting subjects.
Retigabine for the adjunctive treatment of adults with partial-onset seizures in  epilepsy with and without secondary generalization : a NICE single technology appraisal.
Pharmacogenetics of ACE inhibitor-induced angioedema and cough: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies variants associated with platinating agent susceptibility across populations.
Comparative efficacy of oral nucleoside or nucleotide analog monotherapy used in  chronic hepatitis B: a mixed-treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Clinical test for diagnosis of patellofemoral pain syndrome: Systematic review with meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of interventions designed to increase moderate-to-vigorous physical activity in school physical education lessons.
Vitamin D, type 2 diabetes and other metabolic outcomes: a systematic review and  meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Association of the BDNF C270T polymorphism with schizophrenia: updated meta-analysis.
Psychological treatment of anxiety in primary care: a meta-analysis.
Childhood adversity in schizophrenia: a systematic meta-analysis.
Effects of vitamin and mineral supplementation on stress, mild psychiatric symptoms, and mood in nonclinical samples: a meta-analysis.
Coffee consumption and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Direct-acting antiviral therapies for hepatitis C genotype 1 infection: a multiple treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Regression and local control rates after radiotherapy for jugulotympanic paragangliomas: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Microsatellite polymorphism in the fibrillin 3 gene and susceptibility to PCOS: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
The association between obesity and colorectal adenoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between ABO blood group and hemorrhage: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
High HIV prevalence and risk of infection among rural-to-urban migrants in various migration stages in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Influence of smoking on survival rate of endosseous implant: a meta analysis].
Memory and obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Effect of adenotonsillectomy on c-reactive protein levels in children with obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Effects of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) treatment for obstructive sleep apnea in arterial stiffness: a meta-analysis.
The effect of exercise on the cardiovascular risk factors constituting the metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis of controlled trials.
Endovascular treatment of intracranial aneurysms with flow diverters: a meta-analysis.
Reliability (inter-rater agreement) of the Barthel Index for assessment of stroke survivors: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin therapy and outcome after ischemic stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies and randomized trials.
Palonosetron plus single-dose dexamethasone for the prevention of nausea and vomiting in women receiving anthracycline/cyclophosphamide-containing chemotherapy: meta-analysis of individual patient data examining the effect of age on outcome in two phase III trials.
A meta-analysis comparing lightweight meshes with heavyweight meshes in Lichtenstein inguinal hernia repair.
Comparison of the efficacy of ondansetron and granisetron to prevent postoperative nausea and vomiting after laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Minimally invasive necrosectomy versus conventional surgery in the treatment of infected pancreatic necrosis: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Laparoscopy versus open distal gastrectomy for advanced gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hand-assisted laparoscopic colorectal surgery.
Radiobiological evaluation of breast cancer radiotherapy accounting for the effects of patient positioning and breathing in dose delivery. A meta analysis.
Efficacy and safety of roflumilast in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of 14-bp insertion/deletion polymorphism of HLA-G gene with unexplained recurrent spontaneous abortion: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine for treatment of uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria in endemic countries: meta-analysis of randomised controlled studies.
No significant association between p53 codon 72 Arg/Pro polymorphism and risk of  oral cancer.
X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 Arg399Gln gene polymorphism and susceptibility to colorectal cancer:a meta-analysis.
Adiponectin (ADIPOQ) rs2241766 G/T polymorphism is associated with risk of cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Polymorphism of 8q24 rsl3281615 and breast cancer risk : a meta-analysis.
The interaction between smoking and GSTM1 variant on lung cancer in the Chinese population.
Polymorphisms of DNA repair gene XRCC1 and hepatocellular carcinoma risk among East Asians: a meta-analysis.
Significant association between CYP1A1 T3801C polymorphism and cervical neoplasia risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
EPHX1 A139G polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of propionyl-L-carnitine effects on exercise performance in patients with claudication.
The association of cruciferous vegetables intake and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Is external cervical orthotic bracing necessary after posterior atlantoaxial fusion with modern instrumentation: meta-analysis and review of literature.
[Nonpharmacological treatments: their influence on quality of life of people with dementia and possible impacts by corresponding instruments. A systematic review of literature].
[Bevacizumab combined with chemotherapy for advanced non-small cell lung cancer:  a meta-analysis].
[Paternal exposure to occupational electromagnetic radiation and sex ratio of the offspring: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis on comparison of long-term complications and quality of life between two digestive tract reconstruction techniques following total gastrectomy].
[A systematic review and meta-analysis on efficacy and safety of cardiac resynchronization therapy alone or in combination with implantable cardioversion  defibrillation in patients with mild to severe heart failure].
[Relationship between pre-exposure prophylaxis and HIV infection: a meta-analysis].
Slum upgrading strategies involving physical environment and infrastructure interventions and their effects on health and socio-economic outcomes.
Human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) for preventing miscarriage.
Vigabatrin for refractory partial epilepsy.
Combination chemotherapy for primary treatment of high-risk gestational trophoblastic tumour.
Pain relief for women undergoing oocyte retrieval for assisted reproduction.
Statins for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Screening for prostate cancer.
Interferon for interferon nonresponding and relapsing patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Interventions for preventing post-operative atrial fibrillation in patients undergoing heart surgery.
Depot versus daily administration of gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonist protocols for pituitary down regulation in assisted reproduction cycles.
Vitamin C for preventing and treating the common cold.
WITHDRAWN: Spinal manipulative therapy for low-back pain.
Vaccines for preventing pneumococcal infection in adults.
Discharge planning from hospital to home.
Antibiotics for acute otitis media in children.
International migration and caesarean birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Triptans in prevention of menstrual migraine: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Gray matter volume in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Associations of estimated glomerular filtration rate and albuminuria with mortality and renal failure by sex: a meta-analysis.
Male sex and the risk of mortality among individuals enrolled in antiretroviral therapy programs in Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between paraoxonase gene and stroke in the Han Chinese population.
Efficacy and safety of dual blockade of the renin-angiotensin system: meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Association of blood transfusion with increased mortality in myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis and diversity-adjusted study sequential analysis.
Prevalence of low back pain in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Association study of IL28B: rs12979860 and rs8099917 polymorphisms with SVR in patients infected with chronic HCV genotype 1 to PEG-INF/RBV therapy using systematic meta-analysis.
The effects of psychotherapy for adult depression on suicidality and hopelessness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on magnesium in addition to beta-blocker for prevention of postoperative atrial arrhythmias after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: influence of smoking cessation on incidence  of pneumonia in HIV.
The effect of health facility delivery on neonatal mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Emergent cardiac surgery during transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI): a weighted meta-analysis of 9,251 patients from 46 studies.
Meta-analysis demonstrates lack of association between the ACE gene I/D polymorphism and obstructive sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome occurrence and severity.
Efficacy and safety of early versus late glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors for PCI.
Yoga for schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early interventions to prevent psychosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of vitamin and antioxidant supplements in prevention of cardiovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Individual patient data meta-analysis of beta-blockers in heart failure: rationale and design.
A systematic review of obstetric complications as risk factors for eating disorder and a meta-analysis of delivery method and prematurity.
Comprehensive meta-analysis of Signal Transducers and Activators of Transcription (STAT) genomic binding patterns discerns cell-specific cis-regulatory modules.
Benefits of β blockers in patients with heart failure and reduced ejection fraction: network meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis demonstrates association of XRCC1 genetic polymorphism Arg399Gln with esophageal cancer risk in the Chinese population.
Acetabular components in total hip arthroplasty: is there evidence that cementless fixation is better?
Effectiveness of antiviral prophylaxis coupled with contact tracing in reducing the transmission of the influenza A (H1N1-2009): a systematic review.
Clinical characteristics, haemodynamics and treatment of pulmonary hypertension in sarcoidosis in a single centre, and meta-analysis of the published data.
Meta-analysis investigating associations between healthy diet and fasting glucose and insulin levels and modification by loci associated with glucose homeostasis in data from 15 cohorts.
Neural correlates of negative emotionality in borderline personality disorder: an activation-likelihood-estimation meta-analysis.
Air ions and mood outcomes: a review and meta-analysis.
Evaluation of survival benefits by platinums and taxanes for an unfavourable subset of carcinoma of unknown primary: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Environmental risk factors of pregnancy outcomes: a summary of recent meta-analyses of epidemiological studies.
Association between IL-4 polymorphism and acute rejection of solid organ allograft: a meta-analysis.
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) 1661G>A polymorphism in human cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies to identify prostate cancer susceptibility loci associated with aggressive and non-aggressive disease.
Diagnostic value of fluorine 18 fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography for the detection of metastases in non-small-cell  lung cancer patients.
Overall survival benefits for irinotecan-containing regimens as first-line treatment for advanced gastric cancer: an updated meta-analysis of ten randomized controlled trials.
Prognostic significance of cyclooxygenase-2 in cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis reporting effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers in patients without heart failure.
Istradefylline, an adenosine A₂A receptor antagonist, for patients with Parkinson's Disease: a meta-analysis.
Mid- to long-term outcomes in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis after instrumented  posterior spinal fusion: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of associations between TCF7L2 polymorphisms and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Chinese population.
Association of the 5HTR2A gene with suicidal behavior: case-control study and updated meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis followed by replication identifies loci in or near CDKN1B, TET3, CD80, DRAM1, and ARID5B as associated with systemic lupus erythematosus in Asians.
Gain-of-function lipoprotein lipase variant rs13702 modulates lipid traits through disruption of a microRNA-410 seed site.
Allogeneic, but not autologous, hematopoietic cell transplantation improves survival only among younger adults with acute lymphoblastic leukemia in first remission: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and primary open-angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Association of p53 Arg72Pro polymorphism with bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and tricyclic antidepressants in the acute treatment of chronic depression and dysthymia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antidepressant combination for major depression in incomplete responders--a systematic review.
Cytokines in bipolar disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
TREM2 variants in Alzheimer's disease.
Patient-level pooled analysis of adjudicated gastrointestinal outcomes in celecoxib clinical trials: meta-analysis of 51,000 patients enrolled in 52 randomized trials.
Meta-analysis: implications of interleukin-28B polymorphisms in spontaneous and treatment-related clearance for patients with hepatitis C.
Intermittent self catheterisation with hydrophilic, gel reservoir, and non-coated catheters: a systematic review and cost effectiveness analysis.
Time lag to benefit after screening for breast and colorectal cancer: meta-analysis of survival data from the United States, Sweden, United Kingdom, and Denmark.
Drug therapy for solitary cysticercus granuloma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Egg consumption and risk of coronary heart disease and stroke: dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Determination of the social related factors of suicide in Iran: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A literature-based systematic HuGE review and meta-analysis show that CASP gene family polymorphisms are associated with risk of lung cancer.
Joyful and serious intentions in the work of hospital clowns: a meta-analysis based on a 7-year research project conducted in three parts.
XRCC3 Thr241Met gene polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Lipid management in the prevention of stroke: a meta-analysis of fibrates for stroke prevention.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 4G/5G polymorphism and retinopathy risk in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Association of all-cause mortality with overweight and obesity using standard body mass index categories: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maternal and foetal effects of remifentanil for general anaesthesia in parturients undergoing caesarean section: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low nucleotide variability of CYP51A1 in humans: meta-analysis of cholesterol and bile acid synthesis and xenobiotic metabolism pathways.
'Suspicious for a follicular neoplasm' before and after the Bethesda System for Reporting Thyroid Cytopathology: impact of standardized terminology.
In vivo T-cell depletion with antithymocyte globulins improves overall survival after myeloablative allogeneic stem cell transplantation in patients with hematologic disorders.
Association between CYP2C8 (rs1934951) polymorphism and bisphosphonate-related osteonecrosis of the jaws in patients on bisphosphonate therapy: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic reduction of angiographic vasospasm in experimental subarachnoid hemorrhage: systematic review.
Long-term adjuvant therapy for the prevention of postoperative endometrioma recurrence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intravenous iron supplementation for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced anaemia - systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The production effect benefits performance in between-subject designs: a meta-analysis.
Functional neuroimaging studies of alcohol cue reactivity: a quantitative meta-analysis and systematic review.
The acute effects of physical activity on cigarette cravings: systematic review and meta-analysis with individual participant data.
Evolution of the evidence on the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and memantine for Alzheimer's disease: systematic review and economic model.
Prevention of onset and progression of basic ADL disability by physical activity  in community dwelling older adults: a meta-analysis.
The prevalence of mental disorders in older people in Western countries - a meta-analysis.
Cognitive stimulation for dementia: a systematic review of the evidence of effectiveness from randomised controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of adherence to antiretroviral therapy and virologic responses in HIV-infected children, adolescents, and young adults.
The impact of specific HIV treatment-related adverse events on adherence to antiretroviral therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on risky sexual behaviour of men: consistent findings from different parts of the world.
A meta-analysis of alcohol drinking and oral and pharyngeal cancers: results from subgroup analyses.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of alcohol consumption and injury risk as a function of study design and recall period.
A meta-analysis on the impact of alcohol dependence on short-term resting-state heart rate variability: implications for cardiovascular risk.
Safety and efficacy of liraglutide in patients with type 2 diabetes and elevated  liver enzymes: individual patient data meta-analysis of the LEAD program.
Impact of intranasal corticosteroids on asthma outcomes in allergic rhinitis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the relation of echocardiographic epicardial adipose tissue thickness and the metabolic syndrome.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of traditional Chinese medicine in the treatment of migraines.
Efficacy of acupuncture for chronic constipation: a systematic review.
Acupuncture for chronic low back pain in long-term follow-up: a meta-analysis of  13 randomized controlled trials.
Impact of antibodies to infliximab on clinical outcomes and serum infliximab levels in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD): a meta-analysis.
Impact of heart rate on central hemodynamics and stroke: a meta-analysis of β-blocker trials.
Induction and maintenance treatment of proliferative lupus nephritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Antiplatelet therapy to prevent hemodialysis vascular access failure: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
No association of genetic variants in BDNF with major depression: a meta- and gene-based analysis.
Angiotensin receptor blockers reduce left ventricular hypertrophy in dialysis patients: a meta-analysis.
Aging promotes progression of IgA nephropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Craniofacial and upper airway morphology in pediatric sleep-disordered breathing: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
The influence of age on the effectiveness of neuromuscular training to reduce anterior cruciate ligament injury in female athletes: a meta-analysis.
Surgeon-performed ultrasound at the bedside for the detection of appendicitis and gallstones: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Peri-operative intravenous administration of magnesium sulphate and postoperative pain: a meta-analysis.
Intermittent epidural bolus compared with continuous epidural infusions for labor analgesia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dexamethasone to prevent postoperative nausea and vomiting: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Secular trends in size at birth of Iranian neonates: meta-analyses of published and unpublished studies.
Association of a tgf-b1-509c/t polymorphism with gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Alcohol is not a risk factor for oral cancer in nonsmoking, betel quid non-chewing individuals. A meta-analysis update.
Adverse effects associated with transcatheter aortic valve implantation: a meta-analysis of contemporary studies.
25-hydroxyvitamin D and symptomatic ischemic stroke: an original study and meta-analysis.
Prevention of post-coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) atrial fibrillation: efficacy of prophylactic beta-blockers in the modern era: a meta-analysis of latest randomized controlled trials.
Vitamin D and pre-eclampsia: original data, systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gender differences in the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid status: systematic review of 51 publications.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised, phase II/III trials adding bevacizumab to platinum-based chemotherapy as first-line treatment in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Comparison of FDG whole-body PET/CT and gadolinium-enhanced whole-body MRI for distant malignancies in patients with malignant tumors: a meta-analysis.
Ca/Mg infusions for the prevention of oxaliplatin-related neurotoxicity in patients with colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prevailing genotypes of hepatitis C virus in Saudi Arabia: a systematic analysis  of evidence.
Is the end of the T-tube drainage era in laparoscopic choledochotomy for common bile duct stones is coming? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nonmalignant breast papillary lesions at core-needle biopsy: a meta-analysis of underestimation and influencing factors.
Systematic review of computer-navigated total knee arthroplasty.
Association between TERT-CLPTM1L rs401681[C] allele and NMSC cancer risk: a meta-analysis including 45,184 subjects.
A meta-analysis of the risk of boys with isolated cryptorchidism developing testicular cancer in later life.
Clinicopathological significance of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 promoter 4G/5G polymorphism in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism in psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Vascularized fibular grafts in patients with avascular necrosis of femoral head:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does exercise reduce pain and improve physical function before hip or knee replacement surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Early aquatic physical therapy improves function and does not increase risk of wound-related adverse events for adults after orthopedic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Most common methods of suicide in Eastern Mediterranean Region of WHO: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of tea consumption with bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Isoflavone consumption and risk of breast cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies.
Silodosin is effective for treatment of LUTS in men with BPH: a systematic review.
Helicobacter pylori Infection and the risk of colorectal adenoma and adenocarcinoma: an updated meta-analysis of different testing methods.
The Interleukin-18 promoter -607C>A polymorphism contributes to nasopharyngeal carcinoma risk: evidence from a meta-analysis including 1,886 subjects.
Tea consumption, alcohol drinking and physical activity associations with breast  cancer risk among Chinese females: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sleep duration and cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Lack of any association between insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphisms in the angiotensin-converting enzyme gene and digestive system cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor-α gene polymorphisms and risk of oral cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Lack of assocation of glutathione S-transferase T1 gene null and susceptibility to lung cancer in china: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of excision repair cross-complementation group 1 (ERCC1) association with response to platinum- based chemotherapy in ovarian cancer.
Intra-operative rectal washout with saline solution can effectively prevent anastomotic recurrence: a meta-analysis.
Common variants in the PALB2 gene confer susceptibility to breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
The MTHFR C677T polymorphism and risk of acute lymphoblastic leukemia: an updated meta-analysis based on 37 case-control studies.
Association between p53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and the risk of human papillomavirus-related head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Pin1 promoter rs2233678 and rs2233679 polymorphisms in cancer: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association of three common polymorphisms in toll-like receptors (TLRs),  TLR2+597T>C, +1350C>T and Arg753Gln with cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The XRCC1 Arg399Gln genetic polymorphism contributes to hepatocellular carcinoma  susceptibility: an updated meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of C-reactive protein in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Genes and SNPs associated with non-hereditary and hereditary colorectal cancer.
Associations between XRCC1 Arg399Gln, Arg194Trp, and Arg280His polymorphisms and  risk of differentiated thyroid carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Effects of the NQO1 609C>T polymorphism on leukemia susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Influence of perineural invasion on survival and recurrence in patients with resected pancreatic cancer.
Meta-analysis of outcomes compared between robotic and laparoscopic gastrectomy for gastric cancer.
Alcohol Consumption and Breast Cancer Survival: A Meta- analysis of Cohort Studies.
Limited diagnostic value of microRNAs for detecting colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Predictive and prognostic roles of ribonucleotide reductase M1 in patients with pancreatic cancer treated with gemcitabine: a meta-analysis.
Association of XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphisms and gliomas risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha (HIF-1α) as a prognostic indicator in patients with gastric tumors: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of MMP-9 in ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Associations between RASSF1A promoter methylation and NSCLC: a meta-analysis of published data.
Prognostic role of hypoxic inducible factor expression in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
The 2518 A/G polymorphism in the MCP-1 gene and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Bisphosphonates for osteoporosis in nonmetastatic prostate cancer patients receiving androgen-deprivation therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor-α 238 G/A polymorphism and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism influences glioma risk - a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the CYP1A2 -163C>A polymorphism and lung cancer risk.
Obesity and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Acupuncture and moxibustion for cancer-related fatigue: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of associations of the ezrin gene with human osteosarcoma response  to chemotherapy and prognosis.
Diabetes mellitus increases the risk of bladder cancer: an updated meta-analysis.
Total laparoscopic hysterectomy versus total abdominal hysterectomy for endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk of serious neutropenic events in cancer patients treated with bevacizumab: a meta-analysis.
Epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor versus placebo as maintenance therapy for advanced non- small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Post-diagnosis soy food intake and breast cancer survival: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
NAD(P)H: quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) C609T gene polymorphism association with digestive tract cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of mir-499 and mir-149 polymorphisms with cancer risk in the Chinese  population: evidence from published studies.
Current evidence on associations between the MMP-7 (-181A>G) polymorphism and digestive system cancer risk.
The XRCC1 Arg280His gene polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Effects of two chemotherapy regimens, anthracycline-based and CMF, on breast cancer disease free survival in the Eastern Mediterranean Region and Asia: a meta-analysis approach for survival curves.
Genetic polymorphism of MTHFR A1298C and esophageal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Different association of manganese superoxide dismutase gene polymorphisms with risk of prostate, esophageal, and lung cancers: evidence from a meta-analysis of  20,025 subjects.
Association between MDM2 SNP309 T>G and risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Carotenoid intake and esophageal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms and risk of nasopharyngeal cancer.
No association between tea consumption and risk of renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Prognostic value of matrix metalloproteinase 9 expression in breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Is axillary dissection necessary for breast cancer in old women? A meta-analysis  of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of sorafenib for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Prognostic value of tissue vascular endothelial growth factor expression in bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Hepatitis B virus gene C1653T polymorphism mutation and hepatocellular carcinoma  risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Electromagnetic field exposure and male breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 18 studies.
Induction chemotherapy followed by concurrent chemoradiotherapy versus concurrent chemoradiotherapy with or without adjuvant chemotherapy for locoregionally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma: meta-analysis of 1,096 patients from 11 randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of gene expression data identifies causal genes for prostate cancer.
Diabetes mellitus reduces prostate cancer risk - no function of age at diagnosis  or duration of disease.
The miR-146a rs2910164 G > C polymorphism and susceptibility to digestive cancer  in Chinese.
Genetic polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase M1 and prostate cancer risk in Asians: a meta-analysis of 18 studies.
Chronic hepatitis B virus infection and risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between C-reactive protein and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
XPD Lys751Gln and Asp312Asn polymorphisms and gastric cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase genetic polymorphisms and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma susceptibility: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Gene polymorphism of XRCC1 Arg399Gln and cervical carcinoma susceptibility in Asians: a meta-analysis based on 1,759 cases and 2,497 controls.
Meta-analytic evidence for stability in attachments from infancy to early adulthood.
Surgical technique and recurrence in cholesteatoma: a meta-analysis.
Critical review and meta-analysis of spurious hemolysis in blood samples collected from intravenous catheters.
Glycogen phosphorylase isoenzyme BB in the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Gray matter correlates of posttraumatic stress disorder: a quantitative meta-analysis.
HBV genotype B/C and response to lamivudine therapy: a systematic review.
Integration of data from omic studies with the literature-based discovery towards identification of novel treatments for neovascularization in diabetic retinopathy.
The predictive value of interim and final [18F] fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography after rituximab-chemotherapy in the treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Albumin reduces paracentesis-induced circulatory dysfunction and reduces death and renal impairment among patients with cirrhosis and infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of cytokine gene polymorphisms and outcome of heart transplantation.
The clinical profile and prognosis of Chinese children with melamine-induced kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hemoglobin concentration and pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnosis value of the serum amyloid A test in neonatal sepsis: a meta-analysis.
The effects of bariatric procedures versus medical therapy for obese patients with type 2 diabetes: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of microarray data identifies GAS6 expression as an independent predictor of poor survival in ovarian cancer.
Cyanobacterial toxin degrading bacteria: who are they?
Interleukin-13 +1923C/T polymorphism is associated with asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the efficacy and safety of paricalcitol for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism and proteinuria in chronic kidney disease.
Aspirin in the prevention of pre-eclampsia in high-risk women: a randomised placebo-controlled PREDO Trial and a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Who can provide effective and safe termination of pregnancy care? A systematic review*.
Meta-analysis of variables affecting mouse protection efficacy of whole organism  Brucella vaccines and vaccine candidates.
Key components of early intervention programs for preterm infants and their parents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The associations of parity and maternal age with small-for-gestational-age, preterm, and neonatal and infant mortality: a meta-analysis.
Control of household air pollution for child survival: estimates for intervention impacts.
Breastfeeding for reducing the risk of pneumonia morbidity and mortality in children under two: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
The effect of umbilical cord cleansing with chlorhexidine on omphalitis and neonatal mortality in community settings in developing countries: a meta-analysis.
Financial incentives and coverage of child health interventions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The associations of birth intervals with small-for-gestational-age, preterm, and  neonatal and infant mortality: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of strategies to increase use of oral rehydration solution at the household level.
Treatment of severe and moderate acute malnutrition in low- and middle-income settings: a systematic review, meta-analysis and Delphi process.
Identifying novel glioma associated pathways based on systems biology level meta-analysis.
Osteoporosis risk and bone mineral density levels in patients with Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of adding clonidine to intrathecal morphine in acute postoperative pain: meta-analysis.
Between subjects variability in haemoglobin and dose are not associated with the  erythropoiesis-stimulating agent used to treat anaemia in dialysis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the comparative effects of different classes of antihypertensive agents on brachial and central systolic blood pressure, and augmentation index.
Meta-analysis on the association between non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and ovarian cancer.
Differential mortality rates in major and subthreshold depression: meta-analysis  of studies that measured both.
Natural history, predictors and outcomes of depression after stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Measures used to treat contrast-induced nephropathy: overview of reviews.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials comparing single-incision versus conventional laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopic versus open cholecystectomy for patients with liver cirrhosis and symptomatic cholecystolithiasis.
Treatment for depression following mild traumatic brain injury in adults: a meta-analysis.
False positive diagnosis of malingering due to the use of multiple effort tests.
Meta-analysis of Glasgow coma scale and simplified motor score in predicting traumatic brain injury outcomes.
Mortality among older adults after a traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis.
Trastuzumab administration during pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is mammographic density differentially associated with breast cancer according to receptor status? A meta-analysis.
Association between BRIP1 (BACH1) polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Nonsense mutation p.Q548X in BLM, the gene mutated in Bloom's syndrome, is associated with breast cancer in Slavic populations.
The effect of breast reconstruction surgery on body image among women after mastectomy: a meta-analysis.
Assessing interactions between the associations of fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 common genetic variants and hormone receptor status with breast cancer risk.
Obesity as a risk factor for triple-negative breast cancers: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Integrating antiretroviral therapy into antenatal care and maternal and child health settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serum urate and the risk of Parkinson's disease: results from a meta-analysis.
One versus double burr holes for treating chronic subdural hematoma meta-analysis.
Patient decision aids for cancer treatment: are there any alternatives?
Searching for candidate microRNA biomarkers in detection of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of hypermethylation of p16 gene in esophageal cancer.
The overexpression of VEGF in esophageal cancer is associated with a more advanced TMN stage: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between glutathione S-transferase P1 gene polymorphism and the risk of adenocarcinomas of lung cancer.
Meta-analysis of phospholipase C epsilon 1 polymorphism and cancer risk.
microRNA-210 as a prognostic factor in patients with breast cancer: meta-analysis.
Association between PTEN IVS4 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between rs11614913 polymorphism in miR-196a2 and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
N-acetyltransferase 2 phenotype and risk of esophageal cancer: a meta analysis.
Red and processed meat intake and risk of esophageal adenocarcinoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Association between KRAS codon 13 mutations and clinical response to anti-EGFR treatment in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer: results from a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of MMP9-562C/T and the risk of coronary heart disease.
Caries prevalence in non-syndromic patients with cleft lip and/or palate: a meta-analysis.
Effects of low and standard fluoride toothpastes on caries and fluorosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychopathological symptoms in child and adolescent migraine and tension-type headache: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of CT perfusion imaging for detecting acute ischemic stroke:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of MLC601 (NeuroAiD®), a traditional Chinese medicine, in poststroke recovery: a systematic review.
Apathy secondary to stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Using aerobic exercise to improve health outcomes and quality of life in stroke:  evidence-based exercise prescription recommendations.
Addition of taxane to induction therapy in head and neck malignancies: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prevalence of traumatic brain injury in juvenile offenders: a meta-analysis.
Use of intravenous tranexamic acid in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between C-reactive protein gene +1059 G/C polymorphism and the risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
A comparative study on the medium-long term results of endovascular repair and open surgical repair in the management of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Effects of glucocorticoids on traumatic brain injury related critical illness-related corticosteroid insufficiency.
No association between cytochrome P450 2D6 gene polymorphism and risk of acute leukemia: evidence based on a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-18 promoter gene -607C/A polymorphism and tuberculosis risk: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D status and the risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy with or without gefitinib in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of 6,844 patients.
Association between the polymorphisms of interleukin-4, the interleukin-4 receptor gene and asthma.
Long-term oncologic outcomes of laparoscopic versus open partial nephrectomy.
Telithromycin versus clarithromycin for the treatment of community-acquired respiratory tract infections: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Use of real-time polymerase chain reaction for the diagnosis of Pneumocystis pneumonia in immunocompromised patients: a meta-analysis.
Association between folate intake, serum folate levels and the risk of lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Holmium laser versus conventional transurethral resection of the bladder tumor.
Effect of pre-procedural statin therapy on myocardial no-reflow following percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta analysis.
Efficacy and safety of triple-antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Long-term effects of bone marrow-derived cells transplantation in patients with acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the long-term effects of chronic pancreatitis surgical treatments: duodenum-preserving pancreatic head resection versus pancreatoduodenectomy.
Effect of noninvasive, positive pressure ventilation on patients with severe, stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Prediction of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality with erectile dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Percutaneous coronary intervention vs. coronary artery bypass graft surgery for unprotected left main coronary artery disease in the drug-eluting stents era--an  aggregate data meta-analysis of 11,148 patients.
Critical review and meta-analysis on the combination of heart-type fatty acid binding protein (H-FABP) and troponin for early diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction.
Efficacy and safety of iguratimod for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
18-FDG-PET in assessing disease activity in Takayasu arteritis: a meta-analysis.
Hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation in rheumatic patients with hepatitis core antigen (HBV occult carriers) undergoing anti-tumor necrosis factor therapy.
No benefit of covered vs uncovered self-expandable metal stents in patients with  malignant distal biliary obstruction: a meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes with extended or continuous versus short-term intravenous infusion of carbapenems and piperacillin/tazobactam: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment of chronic, intractable pain with a conventional implantable pulse generator: a meta-analysis of 4 clinical studies.
MicroRNAs as biomarkers for hepatocellular carcinoma: a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Accuracy of β-D-glucan for the diagnosis of Pneumocystis jirovecii pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy plus Vandetanib or chemotherapy alone in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of four randomised controlled trials.
Oral nutritional support of older (65 years+) medical and surgical patients after discharge from hospital: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparison of inhaled corticosteroids and leukotriene receptor antagonists in adolescents and adults with mild to moderate asthma: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the efficacy of self-help interventions  in tinnitus.
Stapled vs hand suture closure of loop ileostomy: a meta-analysis.
ABCB1/MDR1 gene polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Efficacy of confocal laser endomicroscopy for discriminating colorectal neoplasms from non-neoplasms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the use of topical diltiazem compared with glyceryltrinitrate for the nonoperative management of chronic anal fissure.
Diagnostic accuracy of narrow-band imaging for the differentiation of neoplastic  from non-neoplastic colorectal polyps: a meta-analysis.
Thrombolysis and hyperacute reperfusion therapy for stroke in renal patients.
The role of ω-3 fatty acid supplemented parenteral nutrition in critical illness  in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
XRCC1 Arg194Trp and Arg280His polymorphisms in bladder cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
TCF7L2 rs12255372 (G>T) polymorphism contributes to breast carcinogenesis: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Association between TLR4 polymorphism and periodontitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between CD14 gene polymorphism and periodontitis: a meta-analysis.
Neurobehavioral problems following low-level exposure to organophosphate pesticides: a systematic and meta-analytic review.
The association of ACT -17 A/T polymorphism with Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis on the association of TGF-β1 gene promoter -509C/T polymorphism with colorectal cancer risk.
Interleukin-10-1082A/G polymorphism and inflammatory bowel disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on 17,585 subjects.
Interleukin-10-819C>T polymorphism contributed to cancer risk: evidence from 29 studies.
Effectiveness of advanced versus conventional wound dressings on healing of chronic wounds: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Inflammatory markers and risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pancreatic duct stents at pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of primary mesh augmentation as prophylactic measure to prevent incisional hernia.
Early versus traditional postoperative oral feeding in patients undergoing elective colorectal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Pancreaticojejunostomy versus pancreaticogastrostomy after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of bismuth quadruple therapy versus clarithromycin triple therapy for empiric primary treatment of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and anastomotic dehiscence in bowel surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Prognostic role of microRNA-155 in various carcinomas: results from a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of equine assisted activities and therapies on gross motor outcome in children with cerebral palsy.
Efficacy, tolerability, and acceptability of bupropion for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials comparison with venlafaxine.
Association of endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Association of CYP11B2 polymorphisms with susceptibility to primary aldosteronism: a meta-analysis.
Association of rs734312 and rs10010131 polymorphisms in WFS1 gene with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Association between three genetic variants of the Perilipin Gene (PLIN) and glucose metabolism: results from a replication study among Chinese adults and a meta-analysis.
The diagnostic accuracy of 22-gauge and 25-gauge needles in endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine needle aspiration of solid pancreatic lesions: a meta-analysis.
Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay to diagnose human leptospirosis: a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Heterosexual HIV-1 infectiousness and antiretroviral use: systematic review of prospective studies of discordant couples.
Genetic variation in dopaminergic activity is associated with the risk for psychiatric side effects of levetiracetam.
The adverse event profile of lacosamide: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Clinical efficacy and safety of the newer antiepileptic drugs as adjunctive treatment in adults with refractory partial-onset epilepsy: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
The cost-effectiveness of primary prophylactic implantable defibrillator therapy  in patients with ischaemic or non-ischaemic heart disease: a European analysis.
Denosumab for treatment of bone metastases secondary to solid tumours: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and safety of palonosetron with the first 5-HT3 receptor antagonists for the chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting: a meta-analysis.
Dietary glycemic index, glycemic load, and the risk of endometrial cancer: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of 5,674 patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention and drug-eluting stents or coronary artery bypass graft surgery for unprotected left main coronary artery stenosis.
Lamivudine versus telbivudine in the treatment of chronic hepatitis B: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Red and processed meat consumption and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Dietary fiber intake and stroke risk: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Cardiovascular disease risk in women with pre-eclampsia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sentinel node biopsy in endometrial cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Updated meta-analysis on antithrombotic therapy in patients with heart failure and sinus rhythm.
Analgesic effectiveness of transversus abdominis plane blocks after hysterectomy: a meta-analysis.
Antitumor effectiveness of electrochemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intra-arterial chemotherapy is not superior to intravenous chemotherapy for malignant gliomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Contact investigation for tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance imaging signal changes of alar and transverse ligaments not correlated with whiplash-associated disorders: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Cochrane Review: Osmotic and stimulant laxatives for the management of childhood  constipation (Review).
Second-line treatments for the management of advanced renal cell carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fresh embryo transfer versus frozen embryo transfer in in vitro fertilization cycles: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cerebral injury and neurodevelopmental impairment after amnioreduction versus laser surgery in twin-twin transfusion syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of TCF7L2 gene polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Han Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor BsmI polymorphism and osteoporosis risk: a meta-analysis from  26 studies.
No association between COMT Val158Met polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
MTRR 66A>G polymorphism as maternal risk factor for Down syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Tai chi and reduction of depressive symptoms for older adults: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The effect of hinge location on corneal sensation and dry eye after LASIK: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mild ovarian stimulation for in vitro fertilization: are we ready to change? A meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic ovarian cystectomy versus fenestration/coagulation or laser vaporization for the treatment of endometriomas: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of desvenlafaxine treatment for hot flashes associated with menopause: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prophylactic administration of cefazolin prior to skin incision versus antibiotics at cord clamping in preventing postcesarean infectious morbidity: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Safety of thalidomide in newly diagnosed elderly myeloma patients: a meta-analysis of data from individual patients in six randomized trials.
Has the time for first-line treatment with second generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors in patients with chronic myelogenous leukemia already come? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review, meta-analysis and economic modelling of diagnostic strategies  for suspected acute coronary syndrome.
Intravenous immunoglobulin plus corticosteroid to prevent coronary artery abnormalities in Kawasaki disease: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the prognostic significance of cardiopulmonary exercise testing in patients with heart failure.
Off-pump versus on-pump coronary artery bypass surgery in patients aged 80 years  and older: institutional results and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass vs. laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy for morbid obesity and diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of sixteen recent studies.
Preoperative steroid administration in liver resection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does internal stenting for pancreaticojejunostomy decrease the rate of pancreatic fistula following pancreatic resections? A meta-analysis.
Localization of pain-related brain activation: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging data.
Association between interleukin-8 gene -251 T/A polymorphism and the risk of peptic ulcer disease: a meta-analysis.
Gene-centric meta-analyses of 108 912 individuals confirm known body mass index loci and reveal three novel signals.
Yokukansan in the treatment of behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Infertility and the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Added value of ovarian reserve testing on patient characteristics in the prediction of ovarian response and ongoing pregnancy: an individual patient data  approach.
Metformin versus clomiphene citrate for infertility in non-obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Different surgical techniques to reduce post-operative adhesion formation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of L-arginine supplementation on blood pressure in pregnant women: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
Vitamin D receptor FokI, BsmI, ApaI, and TaqI polymorphisms and susceptibility to ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Associations between vascular endothelial growth factor gene polymorphisms and pre-eclampsia susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-4, interleukin-4 receptor, and interleukin-18 polymorphisms and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Associations between interleukin-23R and interleukin-12B polymorphisms and psoriasis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
CTLA-4 +49 A/G and -318 C/T polymorphisms and susceptibility to multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
The CTLA-4 and MCP-1 polymorphisms and susceptibility to systemic sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
CTLA-4 -1722T/C polymorphism and systemic lupus erythematosus susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving ten separate studies.
Survival benefits of terlipressin and non-responder state in hepatorenal syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Associations between vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and susceptibility to ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Association of interleukin-1 gene polymorphisms with multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Newer antidepressants and panic disorder: a meta-analysis.
Diuretics and ultrafiltration in acute heart failure syndrome.
Human papillomavirus types in glandular lesions of the cervix: a meta-analysis of published studies.
The APTIMA HPV assay versus the Hybrid Capture 2 test in triage of women with ASC-US or LSIL cervical cytology: a meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy.
Comparative efficacy of aclidinium versus glycopyrronium and tiotropium, as maintenance treatment of moderate to severe COPD patients: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of cancer stem cell marker CD133 expression in non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review.
Single-incision laparoscopic colectomy versus conventional multiport laparoscopic colectomy: a meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Comparative meta-analysis between human and mouse cancer microarray data reveals  critical pathways.
Efficacy of family-based treatment for adolescents with eating disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of hormone receptors in ovarian cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the possible association between in vitro fertilization and cancer risk.
Interleukin 10 polymorphisms and cervical cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Surgery combined with intraoperative hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (IHIC) for gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Prevalence of HIV and syphilis infections among long-distance truck drivers in China: a data synthesis and meta-analysis.
Neutrophil CD64 expression as a biomarker in the early diagnosis of bacterial infection: a meta-analysis.
The -159C/T polymorphism in the CD14 gene and tuberculosis risk: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of C-reactive protein in hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association of the rs2234693 and rs9340799 polymorphisms of  estrogen receptor alpha gene with coronary heart disease risk in Chinese Han population.
Glutathione S-transferase P1 Ile105Val polymorphism and oral cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Rs143383 in the growth differentiation factor 5 (GDF5) gene significantly associated with osteoarthritis (OA)-a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Statins therapy can reduce the risk of atrial fibrillation in patients with acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Association between HLA-B*46 allele and Graves disease in Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
Physician weight loss advice and patient weight loss behavior change: a literature review and meta-analysis of survey data.
Insertion of an intrathecal catheter following accidental dural puncture: a meta-analysis.
Cultural-geographical differences in the occurrence of child physical abuse? A meta-analysis of global prevalence.
Socioeconomical and sociopolitical correlates of interpersonal forgiveness: a three-level meta-analysis of the Enright Forgiveness Inventory across 13 societies.
Meta-analysis of the alpha/beta ratio for prostate cancer in the presence of an overall time factor: bad news, good news, or no news?
Meta-analysis of the outcomes of intramedullary nailing and plate fixation of humeral shaft fractures.
Safety and impact on diagnostic accuracy of early analgesia in suspected acute appendicitis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing outcomes for stapled hemorrhoidopexy versus LigaSure hemorrhoidectomy for symptomatic hemorrhoids in adults.
Elevated serum bilirubin in assessing the likelihood of perforation in acute appendicitis: a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Hydroxyapatite-coated femoral stems in primary total hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Obesity and surgical site infections risk in orthopedics: a meta-analysis.
Suture mesh fixation versus glue mesh fixation in open inguinal hernia repair: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
GSTM1 and GSTT1 null polymorphisms and susceptibility to anti-tuberculosis drug-induced liver injury: a meta-analysis.
Surgical interventions for drug-resistant tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protective effects of vitamin E on chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy: a  meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of zinc intake on mental and motor development in infants: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the factor structure of the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS):  the effects of language.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of Macroplastique for treating female stress urinary incontinence.
A meta-analytic review of life cycle assessment and flow analyses studies of palm oil biodiesel.
Meta-analysis of the ADH1B and ALDH2 polymorphisms and the risk of colorectal cancer in East Asians.
Lack of an association between vitamin D receptor BsmI gene polymorphism and the  risk of end-stage renal disease: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of telaprevir-based regimens for treating chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1 infection: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of the therapeutic effects of amitriptyline for treating irritable bowel syndrome.
Leukotriene receptor antagonists in allergic eye disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of the association between SORL1 variants and the risk for sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Meta-analysis of memory and executive dysfunctions in relation to vitamin D.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of donepezil, rivastigmine, galantamine, and memantine in relation to severity of Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic study of neurexin and neuroligin genes in Alzheimer's disease.
Low serum vitamin D concentrations in Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychosocial treatment efficacy for disruptive behavior problems in very young children: a meta-analytic examination.
Social anxiety and emotion knowledge: a meta-analysis.
The Short Health Anxiety Inventory: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The physical health consequences of PTSD and PTSD symptoms: a meta-analytic review.
How important are work-family support policies? A meta-analytic investigation of  their effects on employee outcomes.
Cognitive behavioural treatment for anger in adults with intellectual disabilities: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term clinical outcomes and survivorship after total knee arthroplasty using  a rotating platform knee prosthesis: a meta-analysis.
Computer navigation vs conventional mechanical jig technique in hip resurfacing arthroplasty: a meta-analysis based on 7 studies.
Association of the Glutathione S-transferases M1 and T1 polymorphism with male infertility: a meta-analysis.
Effect of statin therapy on the progression of common carotid artery intima-media thickness: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Pilates-based exercise for persistent, non-specific low back pain and associated  functional disability: a meta-analysis with meta-regression.
Osteopathic manipulative treatment (OMT) for lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS)  in women.
Prognostic significance of matrix metalloproteinase-2 in gynecological cancer: a  systemic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Non-platinum doublets were as effective as platinum-based doublets for chemotherapy-naïve advanced non-small-cell lung cancer in the era of third-generation agents.
Evaluation of left ventricular diastolic function using tissue Doppler echocardiography and conventional doppler echocardiography in patients with subclinical hypothyroidism aged <60 years: a meta-analysis.
Heart failure care management programs: a review of study interventions and meta-analysis of outcomes.
Perceptions of juvenile sexual abuse victims: a meta-analysis on vignette-based studies on the effects of victims' age and respondents' gender.
Does socioeconomic status matter? A meta-analysis on parent training effectiveness for disruptive child behavior.
Diabetes and risk of hearing impairment in adults: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of Lactobacillus-containing and Bifidobacterium-containing probiotic compound preparation in Helicobacter pylori  eradication therapy.
The association between metabolic syndrome and colorectal neoplasm: systemic review and meta-analysis.
A cohort study of patients with anemia on admission and fatality after acute ischemic stroke.
Predicting exercise adherence in cancer patients and survivors: a systematic review and meta-analysis of motivational and behavioural factors.
In-office treatment for dentin hypersensitivity: a systematic review and network  meta-analysis.
Depression as a risk factor for diabetes: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
The relation of racial identity, ethnic identity, and racial socialization to discrimination-distress: a meta-analysis of Black Americans.
A meta-analysis of acculturation/enculturation and mental health.
Optimized dose of imatinib for treatment of gastrointestinal stromal tumors: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of fracture resistance between cast posts and fiber posts: a meta-analysis of literature.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and cancer: an epidemiological assessment.
Quality appraisal in systematic reviews of public health interventions: an empirical study on the impact of choice of tool on meta-analysis.
Low-calorie sweeteners and the risk of preterm delivery: results from two studies and a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of high-dose vitamin C on complex regional pain syndrome in extremity trauma and surgery--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of aprepitant among patients aged 65 and over receiving moderately to highly emetogenic chemotherapy: a meta-analysis of unpublished data from previously published studies.
Gait speed as a measure in geriatric assessment in clinical settings: a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of web-delivered tailored health behavior change interventions.
C-reactive protein and later preeclampsia: systematic review and meta-analysis taking into account the weight status.
Genetically elevated bilirubin and risk of ischaemic heart disease: three Mendelian randomization studies and a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open right hemicolectomy for colon cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effects of intentional delivery on maternal and neonatal outcomes in pregnancies  with preterm prelabour rupture of membranes between 28 and 34 weeks of gestation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An Italian association study and meta-analysis with previous GWAS confirm WNT4, CDKN2BAS and FN1 as the first identified susceptibility loci for endometriosis.
Screening and primary prevention of colorectal cancer: a review of sex-specific and site-specific differences.
Hysteroscopic metroplasty for the septate uterus: review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopically assisted vaginal hysterectomy vs vaginal hysterectomy: meta analysis.
Statin use and risk of Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Safety and occlusion rates of surgical treatment of unruptured intracranial aneurysms: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature from 1990 to 2011.
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and the risk of depression: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Lycopene/tomato consumption and the risk of prostate cancer: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The fetal safety of thiopurines for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease in pregnancy.
Composite measure to assess efficacy/gastrointestinal tolerability of tapentadol  ER versus oxycodone CR for chronic pain: pooled analysis of randomized studies.
Systematic review on self-ligating vs. conventional brackets: initial pain, number of visits, treatment time.
The effects of graded motor imagery and its components on chronic pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of serum cholesterol in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of evidence.
Effectiveness of probiotics in the prophylaxis of necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm neonates: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of chromium on glucose and lipid profiles in patients with type 2 diabetes; a meta-analysis review of randomized trials.
Quantifying the global rates of nausea and vomiting of pregnancy: a meta analysis.
Prevalence of nausea and vomiting of pregnancy in the USA: a meta analysis.
PM₁₀ exposure and non-accidental mortality in Asian populations: a meta-analysis  of time-series and case-crossover studies.
Clinical utility of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for treating major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis of treatment outcome and moderators.
Is depression a disconnection syndrome? Meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in patients with MDD.
Moderators of psycho-oncology therapy effectiveness: meta-analysis of therapy characteristics.
The differential diagnosis of suspected stroke: a systematic review.
The use of the dual-task paradigm in detecting gait performance deficits following a sports-related concussion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of rest intervals on jumping performance: a meta-analysis on post-activation potentiation studies.
The necessity of indwelling gastrointestinal decompression after gastrectomy: a meta-analysis.
Current results of open total arch replacement versus hybrid thoracic endovascular aortic repair for aortic arch aneurysm: a meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Putting the record straight on aprotinin as safe and effective: results from a mixed treatment meta-analysis of trials of aprotinin.
A meta-analysis of endovascular versus surgical reconstruction of femoropopliteal arterial disease.
Psoriasis and the risk of diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mortality in rheumatoid arthritis over the last fifty years: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopic versus open repair of perforated peptic ulcer.
Influence of L-carnitine supplementation on serum lipid profile in hemodialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adult renal size is not a suitable marker for nephron numbers: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
[Communication as a part of the supportive treatment in cancer care].
The role of the Panton-Valentine leucocidin toxin in staphylococcal disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Detection of human papillomavirus in sinonasal papillomas: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Intralesional steroid injection for benign vocal fold disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of the Pillar implant in the treatment of snoring and mild-to-moderate obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
The perception of positive and negative facial expressions in unilateral brain-damaged patients: A meta-analysis.
Non-replication of an association of Apolipoprotein E2 with sinistrality.
Role of polymorphisms of GSTM1, GSTT1 and GSTP1 Ile105Val in Hodgkin and non-Hodgkin lymphoma risk: a Human Genome Epidemiology (HuGE) review.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln and Arg194Trp polymorphisms in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia risk: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between TNF-α promoter polymorphisms and multiple myeloma: a  meta-analysis.
Transient elastography: a meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy in evaluation of portal hypertension in chronic liver disease.
Efficacy of antiviral therapy for hepatitis C after liver transplantation with cyclosporine and tacrolimus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-cancer-related mortality after cisplatin-based adjuvant chemotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer: a study-level meta-analysis of 16 randomized trials.
Using simulation to improve the cognitive and psychomotor skills of novice students in advanced laparoscopic surgery: a meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of instructional design features in simulation-based education: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between CYP17 Mspa1 polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a  meta-analysis of 14494 cases and 15971 controls.
An updated meta-analysis to understand the variable efficacy of drotrecogin alfa  (activated) in severe sepsis and septic shock.
PADI4 polymorphisms and susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Matrix metalloproteinase 2 overexpression and prognosis in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and hemorrhagic stroke risk.
Quantitative assessment of the association between miR-196a2 rs11614913 polymorphism and gastrointestinal cancer risk.
APE1 Asp148Glu gene polymorphism and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Cyclin D1 polymorphism and oral cancer: a meta-analysis.
Current evidence on the relationship between three polymorphisms in the XRCC7 gene and cancer risk.
Transforming growth factor-β genetic polymorphisms on development of liver cirrhosis in a meta-analysis.
A functional polymorphism in XRCC1 is associated with glioma risk: evidence from  a meta-analysis.
Association between 9p21.3 genomic markers and coronary artery disease in East Asians: a meta-analysis involving 9,813 cases and 10,710 controls.
Interleukin-6 gene -174G>C and -636G>C promoter polymorphisms and prostate cancer risk.
Cervical cancer with polymorphism in MTHFR C677T gene: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of Fas gene polymorphisms with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase P1 gene polymorphism and bladder cancer susceptibility: an updated analysis.
Association of vitamin D receptor BsmI gene polymorphism with risk of osteoporosis: a meta-analysis of 41 studies.
Meta-analysis of the family-based association between the PTPN22 C1858T polymorphism and type 1 diabetes.
The KCNJ11 E23K gene polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis of 6,109 subjects.
Microarray meta-analysis defines global angiogenesis-related gene expression signatures in human carcinomas.
Relapse prevention in schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of second-generation antipsychotics versus first-generation antipsychotics.
A K(ATP) channel gene effect on sleep duration: from genome-wide association studies to function in Drosophila.
Polymorphisms in the tumor necrosis factor gene and susceptibility to Behcet's disease: an updated meta-analysis.
Roles of tumor necrosis factor alpha gene polymorphisms, tumor necrosis factor alpha level in aqueous humor, and the risks of open angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Complement factor H Val62Ile variant and risk of age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis.
Behavioural symptoms and impairments in multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
TCF7L2 gene polymorphisms and type 2 diabetes risk: a comprehensive and updated meta-analysis involving 121,174 subjects.
Medullary thyroid carcinoma (MTC) and RET proto-oncogene: mutation spectrum in the familial cases and a meta-analysis of studies on the sporadic form.
Variation at 3p24.1 and 6q23.3 influences the risk of Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Meta-analysis of IDH-mutant cancers identifies EBF1 as an interaction partner for TET2.
Toll-like receptor 2 gene polymorphisms and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Biofeedback dialysis for hypotension and hypervolemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of serum procalcitonin in patients with chronic renal insufficiency: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of lipid-lowering therapy in maintenance dialysis patients.
Long-term treatment with mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitor does not benefit patients with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
Effect of prolonged weekly hemodialysis on survival of maintenance hemodialysis patients: a meta-analysis of studies.
Consistent neurodegeneration and its association with clinical progression in Huntington's disease: a coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Prevalence of traumatic brain injury in the general adult population: a meta-analysis.
Modelling genetic susceptibility to multiple sclerosis with family data.
Patent foramen ovale, ischemic stroke and migraine: systematic review and stratified meta-analysis of association studies.
Meta-analysis of functional roles of DICCCOLs.
Meta-analysis of association between the -1438A/G (rs6311) polymorphism of the serotonin 2A receptor gene and major depressive disorder.
Inflammation in complex regional pain syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physical exercise and clinically depressed patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exploring the efficacy of constraint in animal models of stroke: meta-analysis and systematic review of the current evidence.
Evidence of end-effector based gait machines in gait rehabilitation after CNS lesion.
A meta-analysis of functional outcome among older adults with traumatic brain injury.
Effect of computer-based cognitive rehabilitation (CBCR) for people with stroke:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Have we been asking the right questions when assessing response inhibition in go/no-go tasks with fMRI? A meta-analysis and critical review.
Multiple subregions in superior temporal cortex are differentially sensitive to vocal expressions: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Induced hypothermia to treat neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy. Review of  literature with meta-analysis and development of national protocol.
The value of scheduled repeat cranial computed tomography after mild head injury: single-center series and meta-analysis.
Value of 18F-FDG PET versus iliac biopsy in the initial evaluation of bone marrow infiltration in the case of Hodgkin's disease: a meta-analysis.
18F-FDG-PET evaluation of pathological tumour response to neoadjuvant therapy in  patients with NSCLC.
Focal thyroid incidental uptake detected by ¹⁸F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography. Meta-analysis on prevalence and malignancy risk.
Dietary patterns and stomach cancer: a meta-analysis.
Green tea consumption and risk of esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis of published epidemiological studies.
Cruciferous vegetables consumption and risk of renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Soy food consumption and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis using a common measure across studies.
Egg consumption and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effects of green tea, black tea, and coffee consumption on the risk of esophageal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Low glycaemic index diets and blood lipids: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Soy isoflavone supplementation could reduce body weight and improve glucose metabolism in non-Asian postmenopausal women--a meta-analysis.
Does regular breakfast cereal consumption help children and adolescents stay slimmer? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Midlife obesity and dementia: meta-analysis and adjusted forecast of dementia prevalence in the United States and China.
Metformin is associated with survival benefit in cancer patients with concurrent  type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of pegylated liposomal doxorubicin in ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Role of postoperative vitamin D and/or calcium routine supplementation in preventing hypocalcemia after thyroidectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adjuvant therapy with zoledronic acid in patients with breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cancer risk for patients using thiazolidinediones for type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of internal mammary lymph node metastasis in breast cancer patients.
Meta-analysis of the association between a polymorphism in microRNA-196a2 and susceptibility to colorectal cancer.
Meta-analysis of the association between the IL-12B +1188 A/C polymorphism and cancer risk.
Electronic tools for health information exchange: an evidence-based analysis.
Discharge planning in chronic conditions: an evidence-based analysis.
Probiotics for the prevention of antibiotic-associated diarrhea and Clostridium difficile infection among hospitalized patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prevalence of visual impairment in older adults in mainland China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hemithyroidectomy: a meta-analysis of postoperative need for hormone replacement  and complications.
A meta-analysis characterizing the dose-response relationships for three oral nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates in postmenopausal women.
Bisphosphonate treatment and risk of esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Life-course evidence of birth weight effects on bone mass: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Results of indirect and mixed treatment comparison of fracture efficacy for osteoporosis treatments: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between use of antidepressants and risk of fractures: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic rate versus rhythm-control strategies in atrial fibrillation: an updated comprehensive review and meta-analysis.
How good is endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine-needle aspiration in diagnosing the correct etiology for a solid pancreatic mass?: A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Endoscopic ultrasound guided fine needle aspiration for the diagnosis of pancreatic cystic neoplasms: a meta-analysis.
Selective decontamination of the digestive tract in critically ill children: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials comparing particular doses of griseofulvin and terbinafine for the treatment of tinea capitis.
Growth hormone improves growth in pediatric renal transplant recipients--a systemic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of LCPUFA supplementation of infant formula and visual acuity.
Safety of training and assessment in operating theatres--a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the use of narrative exposure therapy for the effects of trauma  among refugee populations.
The two-factor model of psychopathic personality: evidence from the psychopathic  personality inventory.
Effects of VerifyNow P2Y12 test and CYP2C19*2 testing on clinical outcomes of patients with cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A guide to enterotypes across the human body: meta-analysis of microbial community structures in human microbiome datasets.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies six new Loci for serum calcium concentrations.
Common variants in left/right asymmetry genes and pathways are associated with relative hand skill.
Gene × physical activity interactions in obesity: combined analysis of 111,421 individuals of European ancestry.
Genetic determinants of trabecular and cortical volumetric bone mineral densities and bone microstructure.
A meta-analysis of thyroid-related traits reveals novel loci and gender-specific  differences in the regulation of thyroid function.
Loci associated with N-glycosylation of human immunoglobulin G show pleiotropy with autoimmune diseases and haematological cancers.
Current and former smoking and risk for venous thromboembolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Factors affecting the delivery, access, and use of interventions to prevent malaria in pregnancy in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of seven psychotherapeutic interventions for patients with depression: a network meta-analysis.
Domestic violence and perinatal mental disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intimate partner violence and incident depressive symptoms and suicide attempts:  a systematic review of longitudinal studies.
Cinacalcet in patients with chronic kidney disease: a cumulative meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Adjunctive atypical antipsychotic treatment for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of depression, quality of life, and safety outcomes.
The cost and impact of scaling up pre-exposure prophylaxis for HIV prevention: a  systematic review of cost-effectiveness modelling studies.
The effectiveness of mobile-health technologies to improve health care service delivery processes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Causal relationship between obesity and vitamin D status: bi-directional Mendelian randomization analysis of multiple cohorts.
Socioeconomic inequalities in lung cancer treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of mobile-health technology-based health behaviour change or disease management interventions for health care consumers: a systematic review.
Epilepsy and neurocysticercosis in Latin America: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Factors associated with dengue shock syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of urine heme dipstick diagnosis of Schistosoma haematobium infection, including low-prevalence and previously-treated populations.
Case-control studies on the relationship between onchocerciasis and epilepsy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between estrogen receptor α gene (ESR1) PvuII (C/T) and XbaI (A/G) polymorphisms and hip fracture risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The role of prostatitis in prostate cancer: meta-analysis.
MspI and Ile462Val polymorphisms in CYP1A1 and overall cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A critical meta-analysis of lens model studies in human judgment and decision-making.
Glutathione S-transferase polymorphism interactions with smoking status and HPV infection in cervical cancer risk: an evidence-based meta-analysis.
Inhibitory control in bulimic-type eating disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Heritable influence of DBH on adrenergic and renal function: twin and disease studies.
Dexmedetomidine as a sedative agent in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of statins on mortality in septic patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Thoracoscopic lobectomy versus open lobectomy in stage I non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Fornix-based versus limbus-based conjunctival flap in trabeculectomy: a quantitative evaluation of the evidence.
The A allele of the rs1990760 polymorphism in the IFIH1 gene is associated with protection for arterial hypertension in type 1 diabetic patients and with expression of this gene in human mononuclear cells.
Meta-analysis: prognostic value of survivin in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Reproductive and exogenous hormone factors in relation to risk of meningioma in women: a meta-analysis.
Cisplatin or not in advanced gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic analysis of the relationship between bone mineral density and low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 5 gene polymorphisms.
CYP2D6*4 allele polymorphism increases the risk of Parkinson's disease: evidence  from meta-analysis.
Association of VEGF gene polymorphisms with diabetic retinopathy: a meta-analysis.
Association between CTLA-4 60G/A and -1661A/G polymorphisms and the risk of cancers: a meta-analysis.
A genetic association study of CCL5 -28 C>G (rs2280788) polymorphism with risk of tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
BAFF, APRIL, TWEAK, BCMA, TACI and Fn14 proteins are related to human glioma tumor grade: immunohistochemistry and public microarray data meta-analysis.
Association of TLR2 and TLR4 polymorphisms with risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
TP53 and MDM2 gene polymorphisms, gene-gene interaction, and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
Persistent difficulties in switching to second-line ART in sub-saharan Africa--a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and safety of deferoxamine, deferiprone and deferasirox on severe thalassemia: a meta-analysis of 16 randomized controlled trials.
Intravesical resiniferatoxin for the treatment of storage lower urinary tract symptoms in patients with either interstitial cystitis or detrusor overactivity:  a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of anti-vascular endothelial growth factor remedy for macular edema secondary to central retinal vein occlusion.
Assessment of dental age of children aged 3.5 to 16.9 years using Demirjian's method: a meta-analysis based on 26 studies.
Improving diabetes care in rural areas: a systematic review and meta-analysis of  quality improvement interventions in OECD countries.
Selective laser trabeculoplasty versus argon laser trabeculoplasty in patients with open-angle glaucoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Probiotics for preventing ventilator-associated pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of high-quality randomized controlled trials.
The association between hypoxia-inducible factor-1 α gene C1772T polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 37 case-control studies.
Association between MCP-1 -2518A/G polymorphism and cancer risk: evidence from 19 case-control studies.
Moderate hyponatremia is associated with increased risk of mortality: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms of XRCC1 and leukemia risk: a meta-analysis of 19 case-control studies.
Quantitative assessment of the association of COX-2 (Cyclooxygenase-2) immunoexpression with prognosis in human osteosarcoma: a meta-analysis.
Impact of different training modalities on anthropometric and metabolic characteristics in overweight/obese subjects: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Intramedullary nail versus dynamic compression plate fixation in treating humeral shaft fractures: grading the evidence through a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the performance of two point of care typhoid fever tests, Tubex TF and Typhidot, in endemic countries.
Vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms on the risk of tuberculosis, a meta-analysis of 29 case-control studies.
Efficacy and tolerability of the fixed combinations latanoprost/timolol versus dorzolamide/timolol in patients with elevated intraocular pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
APEX nuclease (multifunctional DNA repair enzyme) 1 gene Asp148Glu polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 58 articles and 48903 participants.
Influence of the angiotensin converting enzyme insertion or deletion genetic variant and coronary restenosis risk: evidence based on 11,193 subjects.
The clinical value of Huangqi injection in the treatment of leucopenia: a meta-analysis of clinical controlled trials.
S-1-based chemotherapy versus capecitabine-based chemotherapy as first-line treatment for advanced gastric carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Association between the STK15 F31I polymorphism and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 43,626 subjects.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of antibiotic-impregnated bone cement use in primary total hip or knee arthroplasty.
Four genetic polymorphisms of lymphotoxin-alpha gene and cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of acupuncture in prevention and treatment of postoperative nausea and vomiting--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The A930G polymorphism ofP22phox (CYBA) gene but not C242T variation is associated with hypertension: a meta-analysis.
A decline in HIV and syphilis epidemics in Chinese female sex workers (2000-2011): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of long-term vitamin D supplementation on overall mortality.
Risk of obstructive sleep apnea in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of phosphorylated AKT expression in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Dietary methionine intake and risk of incident colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of 8 prospective studies involving 431,029 participants.
Reliability and validity of instruments for assessing perinatal depression in African settings: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aspirin in primary prevention of cardiovascular disease and cancer: a systematic  review of the balance of evidence from reviews of randomized trials.
Hypothermic machine perfusion reduces delayed graft function and improves one-year graft survival of kidneys from expanded criteria donors: a meta-analysis.
Can Chinese herbal medicine improve outcomes of in vitro fertilization? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The impact of androgen receptor expression on breast cancer survival: a retrospective study and meta-analysis.
Immunological and virological benefits resulted from short-course treatment during primary HIV infection: a meta-analysis.
Phase III trials of standard chemotherapy with or without bevacizumab for ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
The tip of the "celiac iceberg" in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bisphosphonates for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis in patients with rheumatic diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Elevated alanine aminotransferase is strongly associated with incident metabolic  syndrome: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Prognostic value and clinicopathological differences of HIFs in colorectal cancer: evidence from meta-analysis.
Associations between tumor necrosis factor-α polymorphisms and risk of psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Robotic versus open gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of modafinil on fatigue and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with neurological disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Post-mastectomy radiotherapy for breast cancer patients with t1-t2 and 1-3 positive lymph nodes: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence and trends of the abdominal aortic aneurysms epidemic in general population--a meta-analysis.
Understanding patients' adherence-related beliefs about medicines prescribed for  long-term conditions: a meta-analytic review of the Necessity-Concerns Framework.
Efficacy and safety of dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine for treatment of Plasmodium vivax malaria in endemic countries: meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Treatment of anemia in inflammatory bowel disease--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of the APOE ε2/ε3/ε4 polymorphism in the development of primary open-angle glaucoma: evidence from a comprehensive meta-analysis.
The association between two microRNA variants (miR-499, miR-149) and gastrointestinal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The association between fish consumption and risk of renal cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Incidence and risk of treatment-related mortality with anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody in cancer patients: a meta-analysis of 21 randomized controlled trials.
Use of thiopurines and risk of colorectal neoplasia in patients with inflammatory bowel diseases: a meta-analysis.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone for preservation of ovarian function during chemotherapy in lymphoma patients of reproductive age: a summary based on 434 patients.
Short sleep duration is associated with risk of future diabetes but not cardiovascular disease: a prospective study and meta-analysis.
Insulin therapy and risk of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Effect of B-vitamin supplementation on stroke: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prognostic value of cancer stem cell marker aldehyde dehydrogenase in ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
The role of TLR4 896 A>G and 1196 C>T in susceptibility to infections: a review and meta-analysis of genetic association studies.
FTO gene variant and risk of overweight and obesity among children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of bisphosphonate analogues and functional electrical stimulation on attenuating post-injury osteoporosis in spinal cord injury patients- a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Biopersistent granular dust and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functional IL-23R rs10889677 genetic polymorphism and risk of multiple solid tumors: a meta-analysis.
Association between the CYP4A11 T8590C variant and essential hypertension: new data from Han Chinese and a meta-analysis.
Association between telomere length and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Depression as a risk factor for mortality in individuals with diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Association between microRNA polymorphisms and cancer risk based on the findings  of 66 case-control studies.
Taurolidine lock solutions for the prevention of catheter-related bloodstream infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Idraparinux or idrabiotaparinux for long-term venous thromboembolism treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Hepatitis C virus infection and risk of stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of microRNA-21 in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Fish and fish oil intake in relation to risk of asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mini-incision versus standard incision total hip arthroplasty regarding surgical  outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of human leukocyte antigen class II with susceptibility to primary biliary cirrhosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serum uric acid and chronic kidney disease: the role of hypertension.
Records needed for orthodontic diagnosis and treatment planning: a systematic review.
HIF-1α 1772 C/T and 1790 G/A polymorphisms are significantly associated with higher cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis from 34 case-control studies.
Arg72Pro polymorphism of TP53 gene and the risk of skin cancer: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in XPD gene could predict clinical outcome of platinum-based chemotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer patients: a meta-analysis of 24 studies.
Teicoplanin as an effective alternative to vancomycin for treatment of MRSA infection in Chinese population: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of A561C and G98T polymorphisms in E-selectin gene with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Tooth loss and head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Psychological group-treatments of social anxiety disorder: a meta-analysis.
The magnitude of tobacco smoking-betel quid chewing-alcohol drinking interaction  effect on oral cancer in South-East Asia. A meta-analysis of observational studies.
The landscape of inappropriate laboratory testing: a 15-year meta-analysis.
Telemedicine application in the care of diabetes patients: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Association of the glutathione s-transferase m1, t1 polymorphisms with cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The GSTM1 null genotype increased risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis based on 46 studies.
Meta-analysis using a novel database, miRStress, reveals miRNAs that are frequently associated with the radiation and hypoxia stress-responses.
Association of six well-characterized polymorphisms in TNF-α and TNF-β genes with sarcoidosis: a meta-analysis.
Effects of zinc supplementation on the incidence of mortality in preschool children: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparative efficacy of Lamivudine and emtricitabine: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The correlation between apparent diffusion coefficient and tumor cellularity in patients: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of biodegradable polymer biolimus-eluting stents versus durable polymer drug-eluting stents: a meta-analysis.
The association of four common polymorphisms from four candidate genes (COX-1, COX-2, ITGA2B, ITGA2) with aspirin insensitivity: a meta-analysis.
Daily sitting time and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis.
Role of peripheral inflammatory markers in postoperative cognitive dysfunction (POCD): a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled treatment trials for depression  and anxiety in Parkinson's disease.
Comparisons of the efficacy of alpha glucosidase inhibitors on type 2 diabetes patients between Asian and Caucasian.
B-type natriuretic peptide and prognosis of end-stage renal disease: a meta-analysis.
A Bayesian meta-analysis on prevalence of hepatitis B virus infection among Chinese volunteer blood donors.
Combination of EGFR-TKIs and chemotherapy as first-line therapy for advanced NSCLC: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of fluid intelligence tests of children from the Chinese mainland with learning difficulties.
Association between variants of the autophagy related gene--IRGM and susceptibility to Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
Neuroendoscopic surgery versus external ventricular drainage alone or with intraventricular fibrinolysis for intraventricular hemorrhage secondary to spontaneous supratentorial hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Practical role of mutation analysis for imatinib treatment in patients with advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumors: a meta-analysis.
PAI-1 -675 4G/5G polymorphism in association with diabetes and diabetic complications susceptibility: a meta-analysis study.
C-Met as a prognostic marker in gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Are reports of psychological stress higher in occupational studies? A systematic  review across occupational and population based studies.
Control efficacy of annual community-wide treatment against Schistosoma japonicum in China: a meta-analysis.
Left radial access is preferable to right radial access for the diagnostic or interventional coronary procedures: a meta-analysis involving 22 randomized clinical trials and 10287 patients.
Association between adiponectin concentrations and cardiovascular disease in diabetic patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor +936C/T, -634G/C, -2578C/A, and -1154G/A polymorphisms with risk of preeclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of circulating tumor cells in non-small-cell lung cancer  patients: a meta-analysis.
Effect of hydrophobic acrylic versus hydrophilic acrylic intraocular lens on posterior capsule opacification: meta-analysis.
The effects of postmenopausal hormone use on cataract: a meta-analysis.
Epidemiological survey-based formulae to approximate incidence and prevalence of  neurological disorders in the United States: a meta-analysis.
Hyperuricemia as an independent predictor of vascular complications and mortality in type 2 diabetes patients: a meta-analysis.
The risk of metabolic syndrome in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Association between the XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism and risk of cancer: evidence from 297 case-control studies.
Statin use and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies and  randomized controlled trials.
Smoking, menthol cigarettes and all-cause, cancer and cardiovascular mortality: evidence from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) and a meta-analysis.
Can K-ras gene mutation be utilized as prognostic biomarker for colorectal cancer patients receiving chemotherapy? A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Association of X-ray repair cross complementing group 1 Arg399Gln polymorphisms with the risk of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
Contrast sensitivity and spherical aberration in eyes implanted with AcrySof IQ and AcrySof Natural intraocular lens: the results of a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of endovascular treatment versus intravenous thrombolysis for acute ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
New oral anticoagulants are not superior to warfarin in secondary prevention of stroke or transient ischemic attacks, but lower the risk of intracranial bleeding: insights from a meta-analysis and indirect treatment comparisons.
Benefits of therapeutic drug monitoring of vancomycin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
continuous versus conventional infusion of amphotericin B deoxycholate: a meta-analysis.
Cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitors in the treatment of dyslipidemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The influence of Angiotensin converting enzyme and angiotensinogen gene polymorphisms on hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Lack of an association between passive smoking and incidence of female breast cancer in non-smokers: evidence from 10 prospective cohort studies.
Poor prognosis of phosphatase of regenerating liver 3 expression in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Can antidepressants prevent pegylated interferon-α/ribavirin-associated depression in patients with chronic hepatitis C: meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials?
Prognostic role of survivin in bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of three oral antidiabetic drugs on markers of β-cell function in patients with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The global epidemiology and contribution of cannabis use and dependence to the global burden of disease: results from the GBD 2010 study.
Performance of shear wave elastography for differentiation of benign and malignant solid breast masses.
Cruciferous vegetables intake is associated with lower risk of renal cell carcinoma: evidence from a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Periodontal disease and risk of head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
GSTM1 and GSTT1 null polymorphisms and childhood acute leukemia risk: evidence from 26 case-control studies.
High-maintenance-dose clopidogrel in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of computer tomography angiography and magnetic resonance angiography in the stenosis detection of autologuous hemodialysis access: a meta-analysis.
The SNP rs402710 in 5p15.33 is associated with lung cancer risk: a replication study in Chinese population and a meta-analysis.
Nicorandil in patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The influence of anti-infective periodontal treatment on C-reactive protein: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The impacts of albuminuria and low eGFR on the risk of cardiovascular death, all-cause mortality, and renal events in diabetic patients: meta-analysis.
Lack of association between Bax promoter (-248G>A) single nucleotide polymorphism and susceptibility towards cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Characteristics of acupuncture treatment associated with outcome: an individual patient meta-analysis of 17,922 patients with chronic pain in randomised controlled trials.
Effects of high and low fat dairy food on cardio-metabolic risk factors: a meta-analysis of randomized studies.
Chinese herbal medicine for diabetic peripheral neuropathy: an updated meta-analysis of 10 high-quality randomized controlled studies.
Association of LEP G2548A and LEPR Q223R polymorphisms with cancer susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The effect of tuberculosis treatment at combination antiretroviral therapy initiation on subsequent mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Short-term consequences of angiographically-confirmed coronary stent thrombosis.
Effectiveness of HIV risk reduction interventions among men who have sex with men in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pregnancy incidence and risk factors among women participating in vaginal microbicide trials for HIV prevention: systematic review and meta-analysis.
No association between TGFB1 polymorphisms and late radiotherapy toxicity: a meta-analysis.
The -607C/A polymorphisms in interleukin-18 gene promoter contributes to cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis of 22 case-control studies.
Risk of chromosomal abnormalities in early spontaneous abortion after assisted reproductive technology: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of validation studies on a diabetes case definition from health administrative records.
A-methylacyl-CoA racemase (AMACR) and prostate-cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 4,385 participants.
Association between tumor necrosis factor-α 308G/A gene polymorphism and silicosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the associations of TLR2 gene polymorphisms with pulmonary tuberculosis susceptibility among Asian populations.
HIV and the risk of direct obstetric complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The size of endotracheal tube and sore throat after surgery: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
XRCC3 Thr241Met is associated with response to platinum-based chemotherapy but not survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Association between RASSF1A promoter methylation and ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis identifies NF-κB as a therapeutic target in renal cancer.
Nevirapine-based regimens in HIV-infected antiretroviral-naive patients: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Increased risk of developing digestive tract cancer in subjects carrying the PLCE1 rs2274223 A>G polymorphism: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Androgen receptor CAG repeats length polymorphism and the risk of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS).
Association between Mannose-binding lectin gene polymorphisms and hepatitis B virus infection: a meta-analysis.
Robotic partial nephrectomy for renal tumors larger than 4 cm: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between diabetes mellitus and nonarteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis on the association of MDM2 SNP309 polymorphism with colorectal cancer risk.
Genetic polymorphism of angiotensin converting enzyme and risk of coronary restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasties: evidence from  33 cohort studies.
Parity and risk of colorectal cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Association of survivin polymorphisms with tumor susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of antidepressants in Parkinson's disease: a network meta-analysis.
CYP2D6 genotype and tamoxifen response for breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Single incision versus conventional laparoscopic cholecystectomy outcomes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Glyceryl trinitrate for prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis and improve the rate of cannulation: a meta-analysis of prospective, randomized, controlled trials.
Four common vascular endothelial growth factor polymorphisms (-2578C>A, -460C>T,  +936C>T, and +405G>C) in susceptibility to lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Trends and significance of VRE colonization in the ICU: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Association between Helicobacter pylori infection and pancreatic cancer development: a meta-analysis.
MGMT Leu84Phe polymorphism contributes to cancer susceptibility: evidence from 44 case-control studies.
Biased safety reporting in blinded randomized clinical trials: meta-analysis of angiotensin receptor blocker trials.
Huperzine A for Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Increased risk of high-grade hemorrhage in cancer patients treated with gemcitabine: a meta-analysis of 20 randomized controlled trials.
Impact of glutathione-S-transferases (GST) polymorphisms and hypermethylation of  relevant genes on risk of prostate cancer biochemical recurrence: a meta-analysis.
FASL rs763110 polymorphism contributes to cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis involving 43,295 subjects.
Radiotherapy plus concurrent or sequential temozolomide for glioblastoma in the elderly: a meta-analysis.
DNA repair gene XRCC1 polymorphisms and head and neck cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis including 16344 subjects.
Dairy products consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes: systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Association between MGMT promoter methylation and non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Dietary flavonoid intake and smoking-related cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A serotonin transporter gene (SLC6A4) polymorphism is associated with reduced risk of irritable bowel syndrome in American and Asian population: a meta-analysis.
Dietary cadmium intake and the risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect and safety of interferon for hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Internal fixation versus nonoperative treatment for displaced 3-part or 4-part proximal humeral fractures in elderly patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of interleukin-18 gene promoter -607 C>A and -137G>C polymorphisms with cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 26 studies.
VO2max trainability and high intensity interval training in humans: a meta-analysis.
The association of diabetes mellitus with clinical outcomes after coronary stenting: a meta-analysis.
Long-term survival of dental implants placed in the grafted maxillary sinus: systematic review and meta-analysis of treatment modalities.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of systolic blood pressure in children with sickle cell disease.
Therapeutic outcome of fluorescence cystoscopy guided transurethral resection in  patients with non-muscle invasive bladder cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between the RAD51 135 G>C polymorphism and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis of 19,068 cases and 22,630 controls.
Incidence of type 2 diabetes in Japan: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neural correlates of psychotherapy in anxiety and depression: a meta-analysis.
Association between TYMS expression and efficacy of pemetrexed-based chemotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between hsa-miR-149 rs2292832 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 12 studies.
Association between 5p12 genomic markers and breast cancer susceptibility: evidence from 19 case-control studies.
DNA repair gene XRCC1 polymorphisms, smoking, and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Fish oil and atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Drug-eluting stents for acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Antiplatelets versus anticoagulants for the treatment of cervical artery dissection: Bayesian meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of mismatch repair polymorphisms within the cogent consortium for colorectal cancer susceptibility.
Relationship of the p22phox (CYBA) gene polymorphism C242T with risk of coronary  artery disease: a meta-analysis.
The associations of single nucleotide polymorphisms in miR-146a, miR-196a and miR-499 with breast cancer susceptibility.
Association between sleep duration and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Potential role of microRNA-21 in the diagnosis of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
COX-2-765G>C polymorphism increases the risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of PCR in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid for diagnosis of Pneumocystis jirovecii pneumonia: a bivariate meta-analysis and systematic review.
Hormonal contraception is associated with a reduced risk of bacterial vaginosis:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Are bisphosphonates effective in the treatment of osteoarthritis pain? A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Lack of association of apolipoprotein E (Apo E) ε2/ε3/ε4 polymorphisms with primary open-angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis from 1916 cases and 1756 controls.
Duration of chemotherapy for small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of reference values of leptin concentration in healthy postmenopausal women.
Replication and meta-analysis of GWAS identified susceptibility loci in Kawasaki  disease confirm the importance of B lymphoid tyrosine kinase (BLK) in disease susceptibility.
A meta analysis and hierarchical classification of HU-based atherosclerotic plaque characterization criteria.
Poor metabolizers at the cytochrome P450 2C19 loci is at increased risk of developing cancer in Asian populations.
A meta-analysis of the association between the CC chemokine ligand 5 (CCL5) -403  G>A gene polymorphism and tuberculosis susceptibility.
Hypoxia-inducible factor-1α polymorphisms and risk of cancer metastasis: a meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha rs1800629 polymorphism and risk of cervical lesions:  a meta-analysis.
FAS-1377 G/A (rs2234767) polymorphism and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis  of 17,858 cases and 24,311 controls.
The -842G/C polymorphisms of PIN1 contributes to cancer risk: a meta-analysis of  10 case-control studies.
Prevention of chronic kidney disease and subsequent effect on mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MNS16A tandem repeats minisatellite of human telomerase gene and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The role of adiponectin in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Myeloperoxidase polymorphism, menopausal status, and breast cancer risk: an update meta-analysis.
Mindfulness-based therapies in the treatment of somatization disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The TLR9 gene polymorphisms and the risk of cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for acute endophthalmitis following cataract surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between periodontitis and pre-eclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Association between CD14 promoter -159C/T polymorphism and the risk of sepsis and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of SOX2 expression in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Tooth loss and risk of head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Bisphosphonates in the adjuvant setting of breast cancer therapy--effect on survival: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between XRCC1 and XRCC3 polymorphisms with lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis from case-control studies.
Maintenance therapy with immunomodulatory drugs after autologous stem cell transplantation in patients with multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Trans-ethnical shift of the risk genotype in the CETP I405V with longevity: a Chinese case-control study and meta-analysis.
Association between 1p11-rs11249433 polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: evidence from 15 case-control studies.
Assessing interactions between the association of common genetic variant at 1p11  (rs11249433) and hormone receptor status with breast cancer risk.
Predictive value of XPD polymorphisms on platinum-based chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pyridoxine for prevention of hand-foot syndrome caused by chemotherapy: a systematic review.
Quantitative assessment of common genetic variants on chromosome 5p12 and hormone receptor status with breast cancer risk.
The FTO gene rs9939609 polymorphism predicts risk of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Association of the ephreceptor tyrosinekinase-type A2 (EPHA2) gene polymorphism rs3754334 with age-related cataract risk: a meta-analysis.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms of PIN1 promoter region and cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Assessing interactions between common genetic variant on 2q35 and hormone receptor status with breast cancer risk: evidence based on 26 studies.
Psychiatric illness and intellectual disability in the Prader-Willi syndrome with different molecular defects--a meta analysis.
Hormone replacement therapy in females can decrease the risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of PTGS1 and PTGS2 polymorphisms and NSAID intake on the risk of  developing cancer.
Meta-analysis of genetic programs between idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and sarcoidosis.
Red and processed meat intake is associated with higher gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiological observational studies.
Gadoxetic acid disodium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging for the detection of  hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Indacaterol for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of the performance of the I-gel™ vs. the LMA-S™during anesthesia: a  meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between TCF7L2 gene polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Sexually transmitted infections among heterosexual male clients of female sex workers in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Periodontal disease and risk of preeclampsia: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Lack of an association between CYP11B2 C-344T gene polymorphism and ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis of 7,710 subjects.
Associations between TNF-α polymorphisms and pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Association between regulated upon activation, normal T cells expressed and secreted (RANTES) -28C/G polymorphism and susceptibility to HIV-1 infection: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the effect of cytochrome P450 2C9 gene polymorphism and colorectal cancer.
hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma among East Asians: a meta-analysis.
Association between P(16INK4a) promoter methylation and non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Smoking and risk of erectile dysfunction: systematic review of observational studies with meta-analysis.
The role of textured material in supporting perceptual-motor functions.
The role of TLR2, TLR4 and CD14 genetic polymorphisms in gastric carcinogenesis:  a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Estimating the burden of pneumococcal pneumonia among adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic techniques.
Single nucleotide polymorphism 8q24 rs13281615 and risk of breast cancer: meta-analysis of more than 100,000 cases.
UCP2 -866G/A, Ala55Val and UCP3 -55C/T polymorphisms in association with obesity  susceptibility - a meta-analysis study.
Matrix metalloproteinase-9 -1562C/T promoter polymorphism confers risk for COPD:  a meta-analysis.
MLH1 promoter methylation frequency in colorectal cancer patients and related clinicopathological and molecular features.
Treatment success in cancer: industry compared to publicly sponsored randomized controlled trials.
Chemotherapy plus best supportive care versus best supportive care in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Does exercise improve glycaemic control in type 1 diabetes? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endothelial NO synthase gene polymorphisms and risk of ischemic stroke in Asian population: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of anti-interleukin-5 therapy with mepolizumab in patients with asthma:  a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Association of rs7903146 (IVS3C/T) and rs290487 (IVS3C/T) polymorphisms in TCF7L2 with type 2 diabetes in 9,619 Han Chinese population.
In search of the trauma memory: a meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies of symptom provocation in posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
MTHFR C677T polymorphism and risk of congenital heart defects: evidence from 29 case-control and TDT studies.
Machine perfusion versus cold storage of kidneys derived from donation after cardiac death: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of microRNA-181a/b in hematological malignancies: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 genetic polymorphisms and colorectal cancer susceptibility.
STK39 polymorphism is associated with essential hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between MMP-1 g.-1607dupG polymorphism and periodontitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
The association between gene polymorphism of TCF7L2 and type 2 diabetes in Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between TNF-α -308G>A polymorphism and type 2  diabetes mellitus in Han Chinese population.
Prognostic significance of COX-2 immunohistochemical expression in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Nutritional support for patients sustaining traumatic brain injury: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Therapeutic hypothermia for neonatal encephalopathy in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of pathological germline mutations of hMLH1 and hMSH2 genes in colorectal cancer.
Magnesium and the risk of cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Aspirin use and risk of age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of aortic annulus diameter measurement between multi-detector computed tomography and echocardiography: a meta-analysis.
Association between UGT1A1*28 polymorphisms and clinical outcomes of irinotecan-based chemotherapies in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis in Caucasians.
Postoperative use of the chemopreventive vitamin K2 analog in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Detailed analysis of gene polymorphisms associated with ischemic stroke in South  Asians.
Prevalence of hypertension in Chinese cities: a meta-analysis of published studies.
The efficacy and safety of linezolid and glycopeptides in the treatment of Staphylococcus aureus infections.
Aprotinin may increase mortality in low and intermediate risk but not in high risk cardiac surgical patients compared to tranexamic acid and ε-aminocaproic acid -- a meta-analysis of randomised and observational trials of over 30.000 patients.
The effects of calcium channel blockers in the prevention of stroke in adults with hypertension: a meta-analysis of data from 273,543 participants in 31 randomized controlled trials.
Polymorphic repeat length in the AIB1 gene and breast cancer risk in BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation carriers: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Natriuretic peptide-guided therapy in chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis of 2,686 patients in 12 randomized trials.
Association of SMAD7 rs12953717 polymorphism with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Gemcitabine plus erlotinib for advanced pancreatic cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Depression and risk of mortality in people with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol drinking cessation and the risk of laryngeal and pharyngeal cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between histamine 2 receptor antagonist use and Clostridium difficile infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intracoronary versus intravenous administration of abciximab in patients with acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of Chinese herbal medicine as an adjunctive therapy for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statins and the risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Whole genome gene expression meta-analysis of inflammatory bowel disease colon mucosa demonstrates lack of major differences between Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis.
Early antenatal care: does it make a difference to outcomes of pregnancy associated with syphilis? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of APOA5 -1131T>C (rs662799) on fasting plasma lipids and risk of metabolic syndrome: evidence from a case-control study in China and a meta-analysis.
Are Treponema pallidum specific rapid and point-of-care tests for syphilis accurate enough for screening in resource limited settings? Evidence from a meta-analysis.
The interleukin-10 promoter polymorphism rs1800872 (-592C>A), contributes to cancer susceptibility: meta-analysis of 16,785 cases and 19,713 controls.
Laparoscopic versus open peritoneal dialysis catheter insertion: a meta-analysis.
The association between MTHFR gene polymorphisms and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Contribution of common PCSK1 genetic variants to obesity in 8,359 subjects from multi-ethnic American population.
Dose-risk and duration-risk relationships between aspirin and colorectal cancer:  a meta-analysis of published cohort studies.
Association between TNF α gene polymorphisms and the risk of duodenal ulcer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of microsomal epoxide hydrolase gene polymorphism and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma.
MDM2 SNP309 rs2279744 polymorphism and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Interventions to increase the uptake of mammography amongst low income women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between MMP1 -1607 1G>2G polymorphism and head and neck cancer risk:  a meta-analysis.
EGFR gene copy number as a prognostic marker in colorectal cancer patients treated with cetuximab or panitumumab: a systematic review and meta analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of glucokinase on the risk of type 2 diabetes and impaired glucose regulation: evidence based on 298,468 subjects.
Association of GST genetic polymorphisms with the susceptibility to hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) in Chinese population evaluated by an updated systematic meta-analysis.
The association between two common polymorphisms in MicroRNAs and hepatocellular  carcinoma risk in Asian population.
High serum uric acid and increased risk of type 2 diabetes: a systemic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Effect of antioxidant vitamin supplementation on cardiovascular outcomes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
PAI-1 4G/5G polymorphism contributes to cancer susceptibility: evidence from meta-analysis.
The glutathione S-transferase P1 341C>T polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 28 case-control studies.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
The effect of anesthetic technique on survival in human cancers: a meta-analysis  of retrospective and prospective studies.
Performance of the 2010 classification criteria for rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic literature review and a meta-analysis.
The 677C>T (rs1801133) polymorphism in the MTHFR gene contributes to colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 71 research studies.
Association between Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and susceptibility to cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of perioperative intravenous tranexamic acid  use in spinal surgery.
Risk factors for violence in psychosis: systematic review and meta-regression analysis of 110 studies.
Association between NADPH oxidase p22(phox) C242T polymorphism and ischemic cerebrovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
The effect of exercise on visceral adipose tissue in overweight adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CD133 expression and the prognosis of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Gene set of nuclear-encoded mitochondrial regulators is enriched for common inherited variation in obesity.
Overall survival benefits for combining targeted therapy as second-line treatment for advanced non-small-cell-lung cancer: a meta-analysis of published data.
Hemostatic factors and risk of coronary heart disease in general populations: new prospective study and updated meta-analyses.
Rethinking stress in parents of preterm infants: a meta-analysis.
Mixed modeling of meta-analysis P-values (MixMAP) suggests multiple novel gene loci for low density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Survivin -31G>C polymorphism and gastrointestinal tract cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Predictors of seizure outcomes in children with tuberous sclerosis complex and intractable epilepsy undergoing resective epilepsy surgery: an individual participant data meta-analysis.
Obesity and the microvasculature: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment outcomes of treatment-naïve Hepatitis C patients co-infected with HIV:  a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational cohorts.
Characterization of transcriptional changes in ERG rearrangement-positive prostate cancer identifies the regulation of metabolic sensors such as neuropeptide Y.
Expression microarray meta-analysis identifies genes associated with Ras/MAPK and related pathways in progression of muscle-invasive bladder transition cell carcinoma.
Rapid diagnosis of drug resistance to fluoroquinolones, amikacin, capreomycin, kanamycin and ethambutol using genotype MTBDRsl assay: a meta-analysis.
Allergies and risk of head and neck cancer: an original study plus meta-analysis.
Association between the XRCC1 polymorphisms and glioma risk: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Risk of bacterial meningitis in young children with a first seizure in the context of fever: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Skin rash could predict the response to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor and the prognosis for patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intravenous N-acetylcysteine for prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
The MDM2 309T>G polymorphism and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 1534 cases and 2211 controls.
A meta-analysis of the effects of the 5-hydroxytryptamine transporter gene-linked promoter region polymorphism on susceptibility to lifelong premature ejaculation.
A data similarity-based strategy for meta-analysis of transcriptional profiles in cancer.
Association between plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 -675 4G/5G polymorphism and sepsis: a meta-analysis.
Effects of nucleoside analogue on patients with chronic hepatitis B-associated liver failure: meta-analysis.
BCL9 and C9orf5 are associated with negative symptoms in schizophrenia: meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies.
Higher blood 25(OH)D level may reduce the breast cancer risk: evidence from a Chinese population based case-control study and meta-analysis of the observational studies.
Post-operative auto-transfusion in total hip or knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Low-carbohydrate diets and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
The prognostic value of epigenetic silencing of p16 gene in NSCLC patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Caesarean delivery and subsequent stillbirth or miscarriage: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of intensive control of glucose in stroke prevention: a meta-analysis of data from 59,197 participants in 9 randomized controlled trials.
Effect of parenteral selenium supplementation in critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations between UCP1 -3826A/G, UCP2 -866G/A, Ala55Val and Ins/Del, and UCP3  -55C/T polymorphisms and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus: case-control study and meta-analysis.
Significant association of Glutathione S-transferase T1 null genotype with prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 26,393 subjects.
The association of sport performance with ACE and ACTN3 genetic polymorphisms: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Flavonoids, flavonoid subclasses and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Obesity and risk of colorectal cancer: a systematic review of prospective studies.
Association of +331G/A PgR polymorphism with susceptibility to female reproductive cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The role of statins in prevention and treatment of community acquired pneumonia:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of Bevacizumab (Avastin) on survival in metastatic solid tumors--a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Association of glutathione S transferases polymorphisms with glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Associations between aromatase CYP19 rs10046 polymorphism and breast cancer risk: from a case-control to a meta-analysis of 20,098 subjects.
Clinical use of HIV integrase inhibitors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term unemployment and suicide: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Roles of cytochrome P4502E1 gene polymorphisms and the risks of alcoholic liver disease: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-10 promoter gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to asthma: a meta-analysis.
Insights into the genetic architecture of early stage age-related macular degeneration: a genome-wide association study meta-analysis.
The -7351C/T polymorphism in the TPA gene and ischemic stroke risk: a meta-analysis.
Do children with uncomplicated severe acute malnutrition need antibiotics? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The use of propofol as a sedative agent in gastrointestinal endoscopy: a meta-analysis.
Coffee consumption and risk of breast cancer: an up-to-date meta-analysis.
Clinical efficacy of including capecitabine in neoadjuvant chemotherapy for breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Oral anticoagulation therapy in heart failure patients in sinus rhythm: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Epidemics of community-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in  the United States: a meta-analysis.
[Effectiveness of early prevention programs in Germany: a systematic review and a meta-analysis].
A meta-analysis of health status, health behaviors, and healthcare utilization outcomes of the Chronic Disease Self-Management Program.
Null genotypes at the GSTM1 and GSTT1 genes and the risk of benign prostatic hyperplasia: a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Does low self-esteem predict depression and anxiety? A meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Social network changes and life events across the life span: a meta-analysis.
Cultural meaning of perceived control: a meta-analysis of locus of control and psychological symptoms across 18 cultural regions.
Major depressive disorder is associated with broad impairments on neuropsychological measures of executive function: a meta-analysis and review.
Conceptual overlap between moral norms and anticipated regret in the prediction of intention: implications for theory of planned behaviour research.
Foetal origins of depression? A systematic review and meta-analysis of low birth  weight and later depression.
Gender difference in age at onset of schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Dysregulation of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal (HPA) axis and physical performance at older ages: an individual participant meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of benzodiazepines versus antidepressants in anxiety disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Writing therapy for posttraumatic stress: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism with triglyceride level in patients with renal diseases.
Effects and safety of lanthanum carbonate in end stage renal disease patients with hyperphosphatemia: a meta-analysis--system review of lanthanum carbonate.
Association of endothelial nitric oxide synthase Glu298Asp gene polymorphism with the risk of end-stage renal disease.
Association of matrix metalloproteinase-9 level with the risk of renal involvement for Henoch-Schönlein purpura in children.
Association between endothelial nitric oxide synthase Glu298Asp gene polymorphism and diabetic nephropathy susceptibility.
Clinical trials of investigational agents for IPF: a review of a Cochrane report.
Circulating leptin concentrations in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary  disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Macrolide therapy decreases chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation: a meta-analysis.
Obstructive sleep apnoea and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Pemetrexed plus platinum or gemcitabine plus platinum for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: final survival analysis from a multicentre randomized phase II trial in the East Asia region and a meta-analysis.
Denosumab for the treatment of osteoporosis: a systematic literature review.
N-terminal prohormone B-type natriuretic peptide and cardiovascular risk in stable coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of nine prospective studies.
Effect of probiotic species on irritable bowel syndrome symptoms: A bring up to date meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of educational programs on reducing the burden of caregivers of elderly individuals with dementia: a systematic review.
Efficacy and safety of meditative movement therapies in fibromyalgia syndrome: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systemic sclerosis (scleroderma) and cancer risk: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Neuraxial anesthesia for orthopedic surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis  of randomized clinical trials.
Metformin and reduced risk of hepatocellular carcinoma in diabetic patients: a meta-analysis.
Propofol combined with traditional sedative agents versus propofol- alone sedation for gastrointestinal endoscopy: a meta-analysis.
Geographic origin is a significant determinant of human papillomavirus prevalence in oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of the Fc receptor-like 3 -169T/C polymorphism and rheumatoid arthritis risk.
A meta-analysis of operative versus nonoperative treatment in 463 scapular neck fractures.
Striatal presynaptic dopamine in schizophrenia, Part I: meta-analysis of dopamine active transporter (DAT) density.
Striatal presynaptic dopamine in schizophrenia, part II: meta-analysis of [(18)F/(11)C]-DOPA PET studies.
Symptom domains and neurocognitive functioning can help differentiate social cognitive processes in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Glutamate in schizophrenia: a focused review and meta-analysis of ¹H-MRS studies.
A computational approach to chemical etiologies of diabetes.
A quantitative meta-analysis of functional imaging studies of social rejection.
Sex differences in sensation-seeking: a meta-analysis.
Integrative transcriptome analysis reveals dysregulation of canonical cancer molecular pathways in placenta leading to preeclampsia.
GSTM1 and GSTT1 null polymorphisms and male infertility risk: an updated meta-analysis encompassing 6934 subjects.
Pancreaticobiliary maljunction is associated with common bile duct carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Lack of significant association between plasma/serum miR-221 expression and poor  survival of carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Association between waste management and HBV among solid municipal waste workers: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Cyclin D1 G870A polymorphism and risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
A comparative genomic study in schizophrenic and in bipolar disorder patients, based on microarray expression profiling meta-analysis.
Proximal femoral nail versus dynamic hip screw fixation for trochanteric fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
GABRG2 rs211037 polymorphism and epilepsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vagus nerve stimulation vs. corpus callosotomy in the treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of the SCOFF.
Clipping versus coiling for ruptured intracranial aneurysms: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the role of radiology in the diagnosis of occult inguinal hernia.
Meta-analysis of trials comparing laparoscopic transperitoneal and retroperitoneal adrenalectomy.
[The clinical efficacy of a succinate-containing infusion drug during pharmacotherapy for hepatic lesions of varying genesis: results of meta-analysis].
Comparative safety of inhaled medications in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: systematic review and mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Pro-arrhythmic and pro-ischaemic effects of inhaled anticholinergic medications.
Impact of clopidogrel and potent P2Y 12 -inhibitors on mortality and stroke in patients with acute coronary syndrome or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic association studies of ACE and PAI-1 genes in women with recurrent pregnancy loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of emergency physician-performed ultrasonography in the diagnosis of deep-vein thrombosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence of a low prevalence of RAS mutations in a large medullary thyroid cancer series.
[Substance use disorders and ADHD: an overview of recent Dutch research].
Polymorphisms of angiotensin converting enzyme and nitric oxide synthase 3 genes  as risk factors of high-altitude pulmonary edema: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
The -308G/A polymorphism of the tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene is associated with the risk of upper aerodigestive tract cancer: a meta-analysis.
The association between cytokine gene polymorphisms and graft rejection in liver  transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Newer antifungal agents for fungal infection prevention during hematopoietic cell transplantation: a meta-analysis.
The safety and efficacy of laparoscopic donor nephrectomy for renal transplantation: an updated meta-analysis.
Preservation solutions for liver transplantation in adults: celsior versus custodiol: a systematic review and meta-analysis with an indirect comparison of randomized trials.
Attitudes supportive of sexual offending predict recidivism: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the associations between indoor air pollution and tuberculosis.
Comparison of the forty-eight week efficacy between telbivudine and entecavir in  HBeAg-positive Asian patients with chronic hepatitis B: A meta-analysis.
Botulinum toxin-A injections for idiopathic overactive bladder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prophylactic intravesical chemotherapy to prevent bladder tumors after nephroureterectomy for primary upper urinary tract urothelial carcinomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of tadalafil monotherapy for lower urinary tract symptoms secondary to benign prostatic hyperplasia: a meta-analysis.
Role of tramadol in premature ejaculation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
GSTT1 null genotype is associated with an increased risk of prostate cancer in caucasians: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between COMT Val158Met polymorphism and prostate cancer susceptibility.
Phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors could be efficacious in the treatment of erectile  dysfunction after radiotherapy for prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of tea consumption and the risk of bladder cancer.
Association between statin usage and prostate cancer prevention: a refined meta-analysis based on literature from the years 2005-2010.
[Meta-analysis: the possibility of atrophy of testicle in acute testicular appendage problems in children].
Bystander education training for campus sexual assault prevention: an initial meta-analysis.
Risk factors for domestic violence during pregnancy: a meta-analytic review.
[Association of atopic eczema and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder - meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies].
[Tumor necrosis factor alpha-238G/A polymorphism and tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis].
[The role of endotracheal aspirate culture in the diagnosis of ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta analysis].
[Comprehensive analysis of asbestos-induced occupational lung cancer and mesothelioma].
[Meta analysis on the co-infection between Mycobacterium tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS in China].
[Hepatitis C virus genotypes in China: a systematic review].
[Effect of continuous positive airway pressure on erectile dysfunction in patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome: a meta-analysis].
[Glycosylated hemoglobin A1c for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis].
[Comparison of the cardioprotection between crystalloid and blood cardioplegia in adult patients undergoing cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis].
Effectiveness of 5-flurouracil-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy in locally-advanced gastric/gastroesophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of dietary fiber on constipation: a meta analysis.
Itopride therapy for functional dyspepsia: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effects of energy intake on risk of digestive cancers.
Highlights for α-fetoprotein in determining prognosis and treatment monitoring for hepatocellular carcinoma.
The oral glucose tolerance test for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus in patients during acute coronary syndrome hospitalization: a meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy.
Is cytomegalovirus prophylaxis dispensable in patients receiving an mTOR inhibitor-based immunosuppression? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intravesical versus extravesical ureteroneocystostomy in kidney transplantation:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of long-term exposure to lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol beginning early in life on the risk of coronary heart disease: a Mendelian randomization analysis.
[Safety of solifenacin and tolterodine in the treatment of overactive bladder: a  meta-analysis].
Primary prevention of major cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events with statins in diabetic patients: a meta-analysis.
Does unstable mood increase risk of suicide? Theory, research and practice.
Patellar resurfacing in primary total knee replacement: a meta-analysis.
Meniscal repair outcomes at greater than five years: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between dose and benefit in phase I targeted agent trials.
Association of clopidogrel pretreatment with mortality, cardiovascular events, and major bleeding among patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Probiotics for the prevention of Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Epidural corticosteroid injections in the management of sciatica: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of Pegylated interferon α-2a and α-2b in patients with genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of non-benzodiazepine hypnotics in treatment of adult insomnia: meta-analysis of data submitted to the Food and Drug Administration.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between the LOC387715/ARMS2 polymorphism and polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy.
Microbial food safety in Ghana: a meta-analysis.
Cytochrome P1B1 (CYP1B1) polymorphisms and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of effectiveness of first-generation drug-eluting stents versus coronary artery bypass grafting for unprotected left main coronary disease.
Meta-analysis of perceived stress and its association with incident coronary heart disease.
Job strain as a risk factor for leisure-time physical inactivity: an individual-participant meta-analysis of up to 170,000 men and women: the IPD-Work Consortium.
The glutathione-S-transferase gene polymorphisms (GSTM1 and GSTT1) and idiopathic male infertility risk: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide meta-analysis points to CTC1 and ZNF676 as genes regulating telomere  homeostasis in humans.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of breast cancer identifies two novel susceptibility loci at 6q14 and 20q11.
Effects of exercise training for heart failure with preserved ejection fraction:  a systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
A systematic review of cognitive remediation for schizo-affective and affective disorders.
Association of 231G>A polymorphism of endothelin type A receptor gene with migraine: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in adults: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis by the EURRECA Network.
Glycaemic index and glycaemic load in relation to risk of diabetes-related cancers: a meta-analysis.
Myeloproliferative neoplasms in Budd-Chiari syndrome and portal vein thrombosis:  a meta-analysis.
The optimal duration of progesterone supplementation in pregnant women after IVF/ICSI: a meta-analysis.
Antibiotics for exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Behavioural interventions as adjuncts to pharmacotherapy for smoking cessation.
Amitriptyline versus placebo for major depressive disorder.
Green tea for weight loss and weight maintenance in overweight or obese adults.
Psychosocial interventions for reducing antipsychotic medication in care home residents.
Sweet-tasting solutions for needle-related procedural pain in infants one month to one year of age.
Transparent cap colonoscopy versus standard colonoscopy to improve caecal intubation.
Zinc supplementation for mental and motor development in children.
Antenatal cardiotocography for fetal assessment.
Active cycle of breathing technique for cystic fibrosis.
Psychological interventions for adults who have sexually offended or are at risk  of offending.
Mobile phone messaging for facilitating self-management of long-term illnesses.
Early developmental intervention programmes post-hospital discharge to prevent motor and cognitive impairments in preterm infants.
Manipulative therapies for infantile colic.
Interventions for actinic keratoses.
Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation for treatment of respiratory failure due to severe acute exacerbations of asthma.
Early use of inhaled corticosteroids in the emergency department treatment of acute asthma.
Interventions for vaginismus.
Serenoa repens for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Naftidrofuryl for intermittent claudication.
Ursodeoxycholic acid for primary biliary cirrhosis.
Interventions for treating proximal humeral fractures in adults.
Age and association of kidney measures with mortality and end-stage renal disease.
Genetic damage in human cells exposed to non-ionizing radiofrequency fields: a meta-analysis of the data from 88 publications (1990-2011).
Sleeve lobectomy versus pneumonectomy for non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Second hand smoke exposure and the risk of invasive meningococcal disease in children: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism and the risk of multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis of 6977 subjects.
Why ruminators won't stop: the structural and resting state correlates of rumination and its relation to depression.
Efficacy of treatment in older depressed patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of double-blind randomized controlled trials with antidepressants.
Do psychiatric medications, especially antidepressants, adversely impact maternal metabolic outcomes?
Risk of venous thromboembolism in patients with cancer treated with Cisplatin: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis identified the TNFA -308G > A promoter polymorphism as a risk factor for disease severity in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Association of MTHFR Ala222Val (rs1801133) polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: An update meta-analysis based on 51 research studies.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopic vs open liver resection for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Effect of reducing total fat intake on body weight: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials and cohort studies.
Prognostic role of CD133 expression in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Surgical versus nonsurgical treatment of acute Achilles tendon rupture: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Arterial thromboembolism in cancer patients treated with cisplatin: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
miR-155 targets histone deacetylase 4 (HDAC4) and impairs transcriptional activity of B-cell lymphoma 6 (BCL6) in the Eμ-miR-155 transgenic mouse model.
The prognostic value of pulmonary embolism severity index in acute pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
[Whole brain radiation therapy plus temozolomide in the treatment of brain metastases from non small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis].
The impact of statins on psychological wellbeing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic interventions for painful diabetic neuropathy: an umbrella systematic review and comparative effectiveness network meta-analysis (Protocol).
Diabetes mellitus and risk of prostate cancer: an updated meta-analysis based on  12 case-control and 25 cohort studies.
Quantitative assessment of the variation in IGF2BP2 gene and type 2 diabetes risk.
Is it useful to apply transpedicular intracorporeal bone grafting to unstable thoracolumbar fractures? A systematic review.
Early migration of tibial components is associated with late revision: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 21,000 knee arthroplasties.
Early proximal migration of cups is associated with late revision in THA: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 26 RSA studies and 49 survivalstudies.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of acupuncture in treating dysphagia in patients  with a stroke.
Racial/ethnic disparities in HIV infection among people who inject drugs: an international systematic review and meta-analysis.
A UK analysis of the cost-effectiveness of Humalog Mix75/25 and Mix50/50 versus long-acting basal insulin.
Exercise effects on bone mineral density in older adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Protein supplementation augments the adaptive response of skeletal muscle to resistance-type exercise training: a meta-analysis.
Effects of energy-restricted high-protein, low-fat compared with standard-protein, low-fat diets: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
α-Linolenic acid and risk of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Noninferiority trials in second-line treatments of nonsmall cell lung cancer: a systematic review of literature with meta-analysis of phase III randomized clinical trials.
Comparisons of the strength of associations with future type 2 diabetes risk among anthropometric obesity indicators, including waist-to-height ratio: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of gastro-esophageal reflux-type symptoms in individuals with irritable bowel syndrome in the community: a meta-analysis.
Three polymorphisms in IRF6 and 8q24 are associated with nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate: evidence from 20 studies.
ANK3 as a risk gene for schizophrenia: new data in Han Chinese and meta analysis.
Genetic variant in KIAA0319, but not in DYX1C1, is associated with risk of dyslexia: an integrated meta-analysis.
Association of KIBRA with episodic and working memory: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of mTOR inhibitor therapy in patients with early-stage autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Examining the comorbidity between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and bipolar I disorder: a meta-analysis of family genetic studies.
All-cause and external mortality in released prisoners: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of magnesium for tetanus.
Meta-analysis of early nonmotor features and risk factors for Parkinson disease.
Diagnostic performance of planar scintigraphy using ⁹⁹mTc-MIBI in patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism: a meta-analysis.
Meat consumption and risk of lung cancer: evidence from observational studies.
Sex moderates circadian chemotherapy effects on survival of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Updated meta-analysis of non-melanoma skin cancer rates reported from prospective observational studies in patients treated with tumour necrosis factor inhibitors.
Should perioperative supplemental oxygen be routinely recommended for surgery patients? A Bayesian meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic surgery compared with open surgery decreases surgical site infection in obese patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of outcomes following use of somatostatin and its analogues for the management of enterocutaneous fistulas.
Single versus multiple doses of antibiotic prophylaxis in limb fracture surgery.
Single-incision versus conventional laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of human papilloma virus vaccine in cervical cancer prevention: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analyses of risk factors for childhood overweight identifiable during infancy.
Recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 versus autogenous iliac crest bone graft for lumbar fusion: a meta-analysis of ten randomized controlled trials.
Fluctuating asymmetry and masculinity/femininity in humans: a meta-analysis.
Microvascular dysfunction is associated with a higher incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing complications following total joint arthroplasty for rheumatoid arthritis versus for osteoarthritis.
Even highly correlated measures can add incrementally to predicting recidivism among sex offenders.
Tools for critical appraisal of evidence in studies of diagnostic accuracy.
Diagnostic accuracy of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISA) to detect anti-skin autoantibodies in autoimmune blistering skin diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
TSH receptor autoantibody immunoassay in patients with Graves' disease: improvement of diagnostic accuracy over different generations of methods. Systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of treatment components suggested by the psychological flexibility model: a meta-analysis of laboratory-based component studies.
Narrow band imaging diagnosis of bladder cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transrectal sonoelastography in the detection of prostate cancers: a meta-analysis.
Should vitamin K antagonist therapy be started simultaneously with parenteral anticoagulation: a meta-analysis?
Meta-analysis of the association between obstructive sleep apnoea and postoperative outcome.
Association of psoriasis with stroke and myocardial infarction: meta-analysis of  cohort studies.
Common variants within 6p21.31 locus are associated with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia and, potentially, other non-Hodgkin lymphoma subtypes.
Differences in the prescribing of medication for physical disorders in individuals with v. without mental illness: meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the efficacy of cilostazol, naftidrofuryl oxalate and pentoxifylline for the treatment of intermittent claudication.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of retroperitoneoscopic versus laparoscopic adrenalectomy.
Use of antidepressants and the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Three novel functional polymorphisms in the promoter of FGFR2 gene and breast cancer risk: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
The SLC4A7 variant rs4973768 is associated with breast cancer risk: evidence from a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Fluoroquinolones or fortified antibiotics for treating bacterial keratitis: systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
p27(Kip1) V109G polymorphism and cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fixed-dose rate infusion and standard rate infusion of gemcitabine in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of six trials.
Null association of NQO1 609C>T and NQO2 -3423G>A polymorphisms with susceptibility and prognosis of Esophageal cancer in north Indian population and  meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase M1, T1, and P1 polymorphisms and thyroid cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A functional polymorphism of lymphotoxin-alpha (LTA) gene rs909253 is associated  with gastric cancer risk in an Asian population.
Concordant KRAS mutations in primary and metastatic colorectal cancer tissue specimens: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Is there a link between genome-wide hypomethylation in blood and cancer risk?
A network meta-analysis of therapies for previously untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
A meta-analysis of proximal occlusion device outcomes in carotid artery stenting.
Risk of cardiovascular disease and all-cause mortality among diabetic patients prescribed rosiglitazone or pioglitazone: a meta-analysis of retrospective cohort studies.
Autologous bone marrow stem cell transplantation in critical limb ischemia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic power of the mid-regional pro-atrial natriuretic peptide for heart failure patients with dyspnea: a meta-analysis.
p53 Arg72Pro polymorphism, HPV status and initiation, progression, and development of cervical cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between Giardia lamblia  and endemic pediatric diarrhea in developing countries.
A systematic literature review and meta-analysis of radioimmunotherapy consolidation for patients with untreated follicular lymphoma.
Fish consumption, omega-3 fatty acids and risk of heart failure: a meta-analysis.
All-polyethylene tibial components are equal to metal-backed components: systematic review and meta-regression.
Effect of systemic steroids on post-tonsillectomy bleeding and reinterventions: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Impact of the CYP4F2 p.V433M polymorphism on coumarin dose requirement: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Eye tracking of attention in the affective disorders: a meta-analytic review and  synthesis.
Face-to-face versus computer-delivered alcohol interventions for college drinkers: a meta-analytic review, 1998 to 2010.
Association between vitamin D intake and the risk of rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of survival based on resection margin status following surgery for  recurrent rectal cancer.
Acupuncture for cancer patients suffering from hiccups: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effects of human disturbance on seed dispersal by animals.
Interventions for increasing uptake of copper intrauterine devices: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of pterygium recurrence rates after limbal conjunctival autograft transplantation and other techniques: meta-analysis.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of single-agent and doublet chemotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer in the elderly: a meta-analysis.
Intravitreal versus subtenon triamcinolone acetonide injection for diabetic macular edema: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and toxicity of capecitabine-based chemotherapy in patients with metastatic or advanced breast cancer: results from ten randomized trials.
Meta-analysis: efficacy of small bowel preparation for small bowel video capsule  endoscopy.
Interleukin-10 promoter polymorphisms and asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Basal supplementation of insulin lispro protamine suspension versus insulin glargine and detemir for type 2 diabetes: meta-analysis of randomized controlled  trials.
Changing physical activity behavior in type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of behavioral interventions.
Insulin use and cancer risk in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Thiazolidinedione use and cancer incidence in type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Longer term safety of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of supervised exercise on lipid profiles and blood pressure control in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cardiovascular safety and glycemic control of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists for type 2 diabetes mellitus: a pairwise and network meta-analysis.
Glucocorticoid receptor gene polymorphisms and glucocorticoid resistance in inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy could improve survival outcomes for esophageal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors associated with HIV/HCV infection among entrants in methadone maintenance treatment clinics in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Individual NSAIDs and upper gastrointestinal complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies (the SOS project).
The association between metabolic syndrome and bone mineral density: a meta-analysis.
Clinical impact of extended dual antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary interventions in the drug-eluting stent era: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Stenting technique, gender, and age are associated with cardioprotection by ischaemic postconditioning in primary coronary intervention: a systematic review  of 10 randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of the association of breast cancer subtype and pathologic complete response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Correlation between Ki-67 immunohistochemistry and 18F-fluorothymidine uptake in  patients with cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Oral contraceptive use and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective  cohort studies.
Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis.
Endoscopic ultrasound-guided versus conventional transmural techniques have comparable treatment outcomes in draining pancreatic pseudocysts.
Effect of the polymorphisms of tumor necrosis factor-α gene on the susceptibility to primary biliary cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Efficiency of trans-ethnic genome-wide meta-analysis and fine-mapping.
Efficacy of folic acid supplementation in cardiovascular disease prevention: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of middle cerebral artery Doppler to predict  perinatal wellbeing.
Birth weight and overweight/obesity in adults: a meta-analysis.
Long-gap esophageal atresia: a meta-analysis of jejunal interposition, colon interposition, and gastric pull-up.
Thoracoscopy versus thoracotomy for esophageal atresia and tracheoesophageal fistula repair: review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Comparisons of approaches to pelvic floor muscle training for urinary incontinence in women: an abridged Cochrane systematic review.
Type D personality and health status in cardiovascular disease populations: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Cardiovascular risk management in community-dwelling elderly: opportunities for prevention.
Accuracy and consequences of 3D-fluoroscopy in upper and lower extremity fracture treatment: a systematic review.
Diagnostic performance of coronary CT angiography for stenosis detection according to calcium score: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical utility of acoustic radiation force impulse imaging for identification of malignant liver lesions: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy, safety and tolerability of linezolid containing regimens in treating MDR-TB and XDR-TB: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Robotic versus laparoscopic partial nephrectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Thiazolidinediones for plaque psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
New oral anticoagulants for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation: impact of gender, heart failure, diabetes mellitus and paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
Comparative effectiveness of antibiotics for uncomplicated urinary tract infections: network meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Efficacy of ursodeoxycholic acid in treating intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: a meta-analysis.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis: a  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on association between the ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 gene (ABCA1) and Alzheimer's disease.
The XRCC1 Arg280His polymorphism contributes to cancer susceptibility: an update  by meta-analysis of 53 individual studies.
Meta-analysis of genetic association of chromosome 9p21 with early-onset coronary artery disease.
Reduced folate carrier A80G polymorphism and susceptibility to neural tube defects: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis reveals an association of PTPN22 C1858T with autoimmune diseases, which depends on the localization of the affected tissue.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphism C677T is a protective factor for pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) gene polymorphisms and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
The effectiveness of metformin ovulation induction treatment in patients with PCOS: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aldosterone antagonists improve ejection fraction and functional capacity independently of functional class: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The association of angiotensin-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphisms with acute mountain sickness susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study of glioma and meta-analysis.
Immunochip analyses identify a novel risk locus for primary biliary cirrhosis at  13q14, multiple independent associations at four established risk loci and epistasis between 1p31 and 7q32 risk variants.
Meta-analysis of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and susceptibility to pre-eclampsia.
Anti-tumor necrosis factor and postoperative complications in Crohn's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between ADAM33 T1 polymorphism and susceptibility to asthma in Asians.
Age at puberty and risk of testicular cancer: a meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis of antibiotics for treatment of hospitalised patients with suspected or proven meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infection.
Impact of vancomycin minimum inhibitory concentration on clinical outcomes of patients with vancomycin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus infections: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
18F-FDG-PET evaluation of treatment response to neo-adjuvant therapy in patients  with locally advanced rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of coronary CT angiography with prospective ECG-gating in the diagnosis of coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) pathway for patients undergoing colorectal surgery: an update of meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Letter to the editor: a meta-analysis of MMP-2 expression on the survival of patients with colorectal cancer.
Genetic association studies in pre-eclampsia: systematic meta-analyses and field  synopsis.
Smoking and risk of skin cancer: a prospective analysis and a meta-analysis.
Effect of dairy consumption on weight and body composition in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
The significance of intramammary lymph nodes in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CYP2E1 RsaI/PstI polymorphism and risk of anti-tuberculosis drug-induced liver injury: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of silodosin in treating BPH: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Melatonin as adjuvant cancer care with and without chemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Preservation versus non-preservation of mitral valve apparatus during mitral valve replacement: a meta-analysis of 3835 patients.
Cisplatin plus etoposide versus other platin-based regimens for patients with extensive small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised, controlled trials.
No association of abacavir use with myocardial infarction: findings of an FDA meta-analysis.
The role of executive function in posttraumatic stress disorder: a systematic review.
Chinese herbal medicine for infertility with anovulation: a systematic review.
Effectiveness of acute geriatric unit care using acute care for elders components: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Donor-specific antibodies adversely affect kidney allograft outcomes.
Carbapenems versus alternative antibiotics for the treatment of bacteraemia due to Enterobacteriaceae producing extended-spectrum β-lactamases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metal-on-metal vs conventional total hip arthroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between the TLR4 +896A>G (Asp299Gly) polymorphism and asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
How effective are acceptance strategies? A meta-analytic review of experimental results.
Prediction of radiation pneumonitis in lung cancer patients: a systematic review.
Effect of high-dose statin versus low-dose statin plus ezetimibe on endothelial function: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The ProSeal Laryngeal Mask Airway is more effective than the LMA-Classic in pediatric anesthesia: a meta-analysis.
BRAF V600E mutation and its association with clinicopathological features of papillary thyroid cancer: a meta-analysis.
Home-based subcutaneous immunoglobulin versus hospital-based intravenous immunoglobulin in treatment of primary antibody deficiencies: systematic review and meta analysis.
A meta-analysis of bevacizumab alone and in combination with irinotecan in the treatment of patients with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme.
Effect of periodontal therapy on prevention of gastric Helicobacter pylori recurrence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of vernakalant in recent-onset atrial fibrillation after the  European medicines agency approval: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analyses of the efficacy of asenapine for acute schizophrenia: comparisons with placebo and other antipsychotics.
The effect of mindfulness-based therapy on symptoms of anxiety and depression in  adult cancer patients and survivors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The treatment of mandibular condyle fractures: a meta-analysis.
Association between -308 G/A polymorphism in TNF-α gene and lichen planus: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis comparing long-term recurrences of toenail onychomycosis after successful treatment with terbinafine versus itraconazole.
Assessing the silent epidemic of malnutrition in Palestinian preschool children.
Growth and inactivation of Salmonella at low refrigerated storage temperatures and thermal inactivation on raw chicken meat and laboratory media: mixed effect meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of hospital 30-day avoidable readmission rates.
Improvements in survival and neurodevelopmental outcomes in surgical treatment of hypoplastic left heart syndrome: a meta-analytic review.
The impact of internal or external transanastomotic pancreatic duct stents following pancreaticojejunostomy. Which one is better? A meta-analysis.
Living donor vs. deceased donor liver transplantation for patients with hepatitis C virus-related diseases.
Nitrate in drinking water and bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
The effect of coffee consumption on blood pressure and the development of hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms for estimating risk of atrial fibrillation: a literature-based meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of catheter ablation strategies for rhythm control in patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of spiritual intervention studies on biological, psychological, and spiritual outcomes].
Calcium supplementation and prevention of preeclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Choice of glucocorticoid in HELLP syndrome - dexamethasone versus betamethasone:  revisiting the dilemma.
Association of maternal AGTR1 polymorphisms and preeclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of malignant paraganglioma in SDHB-mutation and SDHD-mutation carriers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Common transcriptional signatures in brain tissue from patients with HIV-associated neurocognitive disorders, Alzheimer's disease, and Multiple Sclerosis.
Helicobacter pylori infection contributes to high risk of ischemic stroke: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Comparison of safety and stability of C-2 pars and pedicle screws for atlantoaxial fusion: meta-analysis and review of the literature.
Performance of whole-body PET/CT for the detection of distant malignancies in various cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of the hypoalgesic effects of exercise.
Scaling and root planing treatment for periodontitis to reduce preterm birth and  low birth weight: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled  trials.
Correcting the past: failures to replicate ψ.
Longitudinal FEV1 dose-response model for inhaled PF-00610355 and salmeterol in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
The relationship between three well-characterized polymorphisms of the angiotensin converting enzyme gene and lung cancer risk: a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Associations between interleukin-6 gene -174 C/G and -572 C/G polymorphisms and the risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of traditional Chinese medicine in treating functional dyspepsia of liver-stomach disharmony syndrome.
Effect of point application on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in stationary phase and effects on pulmonary function: a systematic evaluation of randomized controlled trials.
Acupuncture therapy for angina pectoris: a systematic review.
Efficacy of rifaximin in prevention of travelers' diarrhea: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials.
Upper urinary tract recurrence following radical cystectomy for bladder cancer: a meta-analysis on 13,185 patients.
Lack of association of TLR4 polymorphisms with susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of the minimally invasive and standard medial parapatellar approaches  for primary total knee arthroplasty.
Malaria prevention in pregnancy, birthweight, and neonatal mortality: a meta-analysis of 32 national cross-sectional datasets in Africa.
Potential application of IDH1 and IDH2 mutations as prognostic indicators in non-promyelocytic acute myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Risk of cytomegalovirus disease in high-risk liver transplant recipients on valganciclovir prophylaxis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Noninvasive positive pressure ventilation for acute respiratory failure in delirious patients: understudied, underreported, or underappreciated? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of continuous positive airway pressure on hemoglobin A(1c) in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the CD226 rs763361 polymorphism and susceptibility to autoimmune diseases: a meta-analysis.
Gender and sex differences in prevalence of major depression in coronary artery disease patients: a meta-analysis.
Expected effects on carcass and pork quality when surgical castration is omitted--results of a meta-analysis study.
Surgery of primary tumors in stage IV breast cancer: an updated meta-analysis of  published studies with meta-regression.
Racial and tissue-specific cancer risk associated with PARP1 (ADPRT) Val762Ala polymorphism: a meta-analysis.
SLC6A4 gene variants and temporal lobe epilepsy susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association of CYP1A1 polymorphisms with prostate cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
A functional polymorphism, rs28493229, in ITPKC and risk of Kawasaki disease: an  integrated meta-analysis.
Association of glutathione S-transferase P1 gene polymorphism with the susceptibility of lung cancer.
Association between the OGG1 Ser326Cys and APEX1 Asp148Glu polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of VEGF gene polymorphisms with advanced retinopathy of prematurity:  a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-12B rs3212227 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Lymphatic microvessel density and vascular endothelial growth factor-C and -D as  prognostic factors in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 R219K polymorphism and coronary artery disease in Chinese population: a meta-analysis of 5,388 participants.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of COX-2 expression and polymorphisms in prostate cancer.
The glutathione S-transferase M1 and P1 polymorphisms and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Associations between the FAS -670 A/G and -1,377 G/A polymorphisms and susceptibility to autoimmune rheumatic diseases: a meta-analysis.
Associations between interleukin-23 receptor polymorphisms and susceptibility to  rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide pathway analysis of genome-wide association studies on systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis.
miR-499 rs3746444 polymorphism is associated with cancer development among Asians and related to breast cancer susceptibility.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between glutathione S-transferases gene polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma in Asian population.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene deletion allele increases the risk of left ventricular hypertrophy: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Eicosapentaenoic acid appears to be the key omega-3 fatty acid component associated with efficacy in major depressive disorder: a critique of Bloch and Hannestad and updated meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association analysis of age-at-onset in Alzheimer's disease.
Omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prevalence of primary dystonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of clinical interventions on health-related quality of life in multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Identification of 15 new psoriasis susceptibility loci highlights the role of innate immunity.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies new endometriosis risk loci.
Cytokine gene polymorphisms are associated with irritable bowel syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of factors impacting detection of antidepressant efficacy in clinical trials: the importance of academic sites.
Hip circumference, height and risk of type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Copy number variations associated with obesity-related traits in African Americans: a joint analysis between GENOA and HyperGEN.
Dexamethasone for antiemesis in laparoscopic gynecologic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Biochemical cardiovascular risk factors after hypertensive pregnancy disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Occupational trichloroethylene exposure and kidney cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Environmental tobacco smoke and the risk of pancreatic cancer among non-smokers:  a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of primary external dacryocystorhinostomy with and without mitomycin C.
Nitric oxide synthase 3 (NOS3) 4b/a, T-786C and G894T polymorphisms in association with diabetic retinopathy susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Homocysteine, B vitamins, methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene, and risk of primary open-angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus related head and neck cancer survival: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term dental and skeletal changes in patients submitted to surgically assisted rapid maxillary expansion: a meta-analysis.
Subvastus versus medial parapatellar approach in total knee arthroplasty: meta-analysis.
Microsurgery versus stereotactic radiation for small vestibular schwannomas: a meta-analysis of patients with more than 5 years' follow-up.
Systematic safety review and meta-analysis of procedural experience using percutaneous access to treat symptomatic lumbar spinal stenosis.
Association of pertussis and measles infections and immunizations with asthma and allergic sensitization in ISAAC Phase Two.
Prevalence of anxiety and depressive symptoms in adolescents with asthma: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Incidence and use of resources for chickenpox and herpes zoster in Latin America  and the Caribbean--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of outdoor NO2 exposure on asthma in childhood: meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of lifestyle interventions in child obesity: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Telaprevir for genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Childhood bullying and the association with psychosis in non-clinical and clinical samples: a review and meta-analysis.
Targeted "bone-seeking" radiopharmaceuticals for palliative treatment of bone metastases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evaluation of the clinical utility of a carotid bruit.
Individual patient data meta-analysis shows no association between the SNP rs1800469 in TGFB and late radiotherapy toxicity.
Deodorant use and the risk of skin toxicity in patients undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
[A meta-analysis of the impact of sample, kind of outcome measurement and time of follow up on occupational re-integration after vocational retraining].
Effect of heparin on the outcome of IVF treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endometrial injury to overcome recurrent embryo implantation failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acute coronary angiography in patients resuscitated from out-of-hospital cardiac  arrest--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Off-pump versus on-pump coronary artery bypass surgery: meta-analysis and meta-regression of 13,524 patients from randomized trials.
Systematic review versus internet search: considerations about availability and reliability of medical information regarding pregnancy in women with multiple sclerosis.
Endoscopic sinus surgery in patients with cystic fibrosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of pulmonary function.
Breast microcalcifications as type descriptors to stratify risk of malignancy: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of 10665 cases with special focus on round/punctate microcalcifications.
The presentation of dermatoglyphic abnormalities in schizophrenia: a meta-analytic review.
Meta-analysis and brain imaging data support the involvement of VRK2 (rs2312147)  in schizophrenia susceptibility.
Looking at the other side of the coin: a meta-analysis of self-reported emotional arousal in people with schizophrenia.
Meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of auditory verbal hallucinations: update and effects after one month.
Duration of untreated psychosis and negative symptoms--a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Differences in autoantibody profiles and disease activity and damage scores between childhood- and adult-onset systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of physiotherapy exercises in subacromial impingement syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of gentamicin for gonorrhoea treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta analysis of the comparison between cast metal posts' and fiber posts' clinical results].
Effect of automatic versus fixed continuous positive airway pressure for the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea: an up-to-date meta-analysis.
Effects of different types of acute and chronic (training) exercise on glycaemic  control in type 1 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Bivariate random effects models for meta-analysis of comparative studies with binary outcomes: methods for the absolute risk difference and relative risk.
Nonvitamin-K-antagonist oral anticoagulants in patients with atrial fibrillation  and previous stroke or transient ischemic attack: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Music interventions for psychological and physical outcomes in cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Utility of peripheral blood cultures in patients with cancer and suspected blood  stream infections: a systematic review.
Which is the best laparoscopic approach for inguinal hernia repair: TEP or TAPP?  A systematic review of the literature with a network meta-analysis.
Lower recurrence rates after mesh-reinforced versus simple hiatal hernia repair:  a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Single-incision versus conventional laparoscopic cholecystectomy in patients with uncomplicated gallbladder disease: a meta-analysis.
Oral anticoagulation continuation compared with heparin bridging therapy among high risk patients undergoing implantation of cardiac rhythm devices: a meta-analysis.
The effect of hyperthyroidism on procoagulant, anticoagulant and fibrinolytic factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term treatment of venous thromboembolism with tinzaparin compared to vitamin K antagonists: a meta-analysis of 5 randomized trials in non-cancer and cancer patients.
The efficacy and safety of alemtuzumab and daclizumab versus antithymocyte globulin during organ transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Loss to programme between HIV diagnosis and initiation of antiretroviral therapy  in sub-Saharan Africa: systematic review and meta-analysis.
MMP1-1607 1G/2G polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
CYP1A1 Ile462Val polymorphism and cervical cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk in East Asians.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 Ile462Val polymorphism and oral carcinoma risk: an updated meta-analysis including 1,515 cases and 2,233 controls.
Glutathione S-transferase P1 gene Ile105Val polymorphism might be associated with lung cancer risk in the Chinese Han population.
Matrix metalloproteinase 2 polymorphisms and expression in lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Capacity of endometrial thickness measurement to diagnose endometrial carcinoma in asymptomatic postmenopausal women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Urgent shock wave lithotripsy as first-line treatment for ureteral stones: a meta-analysis of 570 patients.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between coworker social support and burnout using a two-level hierarchical linear model.
[Correlation between CTLA-4 gene polymorphism and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis].
[Polymorphism of vitamin D receptor gene FokI and susceptibility of prostatic cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Chinese herbal medicine for side effects of transarterial chemoembolization in liver cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Menstrual factors, reproductive factors and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis on efficacy and safety of Shenmai injection in treatment of coronary heart disease].
[Association between recurrent miscarriages and insulin resistance: a meta analysis].
[Nuclear matrix protein 22 and urinary cytology test in the diagnosis of bladder  cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Closed suction drainage or non-drainage for total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of effect of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation of pregnant women on head circumference of newborn infants].
Tissue Doppler imaging for diagnosis of coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of vitamin K2 in preventing the recurrence of hepatocellular carcinoma after curative treatment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Missed opportunities to prevent mother-to-child-transmission: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between tumor necrosis factor alpha-238G/a polymorphism and tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis study.
Physical and psychosocial benefits of yoga in cancer patients and survivors, a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cinacalcet for the treatment of hyperparathyroidism in kidney transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of CASP-10 gene polymorphisms in cancer susceptibility: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of Cdx2 immunohistochemical expression in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of published literatures.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of Toxoplasma gondii infection among the Mexican population.
Dosimetric comparison of intensity modulated radiotherapy and three-dimensional conformal radiotherapy in patients with gynecologic malignancies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of intravascular ultrasound versus angiography-guided drug-eluting stent implantation: a meta-analysis of one randomised trial and ten observational studies involving 19,619 patients.
Upstream therapy with statin and recurrence of atrial fibrillation after electrical cardioversion. Review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Green tea consumption and risk of esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Increasing physical activity with mobile devices: a meta-analysis.
Does antecolic reconstruction for duodenojejunostomy improve delayed gastric emptying after pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of telbivudine and entecavir for HBeAg-positive chronic hepatitis B: a meta-analysis.
Impact of evergreening on patients and health insurance: a meta analysis and reimbursement cost analysis of citalopram/escitalopram antidepressants.
Progressive loss of cortical gray matter in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of longitudinal MRI studies.
Polymorphisms in peptidylarginine deiminase associate with rheumatoid arthritis in diverse Asian populations: evidence from MyEIRA study and meta-analysis.
CYP1A2 rs762551 polymorphism contributes to cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis from 19 case-control studies.
Diabetes increases the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Quantifying and addressing losses along the continuum of care for people living with HIV infection in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review.
The benefits and harms of breast cancer screening: an independent review.
Benefits of hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy for patients with serosal invasion in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of the randomized controlled trials.
Waist circumference and pulmonary function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of comparison of effectiveness of lowering apolipoprotein B versus  low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and nonhigh-density lipoprotein cholesterol for cardiovascular risk reduction in randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of safety and efficacy of uninterrupted warfarin compared to heparin-based bridging therapy during implantation of cardiac rhythm devices.
Meta-analysis of three randomized trials and nine observational studies comparing drug-eluting stents versus coronary artery bypass grafting for unprotected left main coronary artery disease.
Soy food intake and risk of lung cancer: evidence from the Shanghai Women's Health Study and a meta-analysis.
Predictive value of the 4Ts scoring system for heparin-induced thrombocytopenia:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of IL-18 polymorphisms with rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus in Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
Expression profiling of archival tumors for long-term health studies.
Functional polymorphisms in the interleukin-12 gene contribute to cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis of 18 case-control studies.
Influence of common genetic variation on lung cancer risk: meta-analysis of 14 900 cases and 29 485 controls.
Human papillomavirus types in 115,789 HPV-positive women: a meta-analysis from cervical infection to cancer.
Drug-eluting stents perform better than bare metal stents in small coronary vessels: a meta-analysis of randomised and observational clinical studies with mid-term follow up.
Design choices in imaging speech comprehension: an Activation Likelihood Estimation (ALE) meta-analysis.
Epidemiological situation of toxocariasis in Iran: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Pretransplantation soluble CD30 level as a predictor of acute rejection in kidney transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Effects of lifestyle modification on metabolic syndrome: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Dietary intake of n-3 fatty acids and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis of  data from 489 000 individuals.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) for stroke recovery.
Psychological therapies for pathological and problem gambling.
Pre-operative nutrition support in patients undergoing gastrointestinal surgery.
Febuxostat for treating chronic gout.
Interventions for increasing fruit and vegetable consumption in children aged 5 years and under.
Clomiphene citrate in combination with gonadotropins for controlled ovarian stimulation in women undergoing in vitro fertilization.
Omentoplasty for esophagogastrostomy after esophagectomy.
Nebulised deoxyribonuclease for viral bronchiolitis in children younger than 24 months.
Psychological therapies versus antidepressant medication, alone and in combination for depression in children and adolescents.
Rituximab, ofatumumab and other monoclonal anti-CD20 antibodies for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia.
Reduction versus abrupt cessation in smokers who want to quit.
Email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion.
Email for clinical communication between patients/caregivers and healthcare professionals.
Continuation and maintenance treatments for depression in older people.
Mobile phone-based interventions for smoking cessation.
Exercise for the management of cancer-related fatigue in adults.
Rehabilitation for ankle fractures in adults.
Shengmai (a traditional Chinese herbal medicine) for heart failure.
Newer generation antidepressants for depressive disorders in children and adolescents.
Herbal medicines for viral myocarditis.
Recombinant human insulin-like growth factor I (rhIGF-I) for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease.
Continuous and interrupted suturing techniques for repair of episiotomy or second-degree tears.
Compression for venous leg ulcers.
Nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation.
Human papillomavirus infection and increased risk of HIV acquisition. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of novel oral anticoagulants for treatment of acute venous thromboembolism: direct and adjusted indirect meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of the novel oral anticoagulants in atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Phosphatidylethanol in blood as a marker of chronic alcohol use: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of fibrates in kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for panic disorder in the Japanese population.
Multi-locus genome-wide association analysis supports the role of glutamatergic synaptic transmission in the etiology of major depressive disorder.
Use of new-generation oral anticoagulant agents in patients receiving antiplatelet therapy after an acute coronary syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lack of an association between the XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism and gastric cancer based on a meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha -308G>A, -863C>A, -857C>T gene polymorphisms and tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Hsa-miR-499 polymorphism (rs3746444) and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 17 case-control studies.
Associations of kidney disease measures with mortality and end-stage renal disease in individuals with and without diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Associations of kidney disease measures with mortality and end-stage renal disease in individuals with and without hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Robotic thyroidectomy versus endoscopic thyroidectomy: a meta-analysis.
Adjuvant radiotherapy for stage I endometrial cancer: an updated Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Behavioral counseling after screening for alcohol misuse in primary care: a systematic review and meta-analysis for the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.
Vaginal microbicides for reducing the risk of sexual acquisition of HIV infection in women: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of "hospital in the home".
A multi-SNP locus-association method reveals a substantial fraction of the missing heritability.
Unraveling multiple MHC gene associations with systemic lupus erythematosus: model choice indicates a role for HLA alleles and non-HLA genes in Europeans.
Large-scale gene-centric meta-analysis across 32 studies identifies multiple lipid loci.
How evidence-based is an 'evidence-based parenting program'? A PRISMA systematic  review and meta-analysis of Triple P.
A systematic literature review on first aid provided by laypeople to trauma victims.
A literature-based meta-analysis of clinical risk factors for development of radiation induced pneumonitis.
Interventions for alleviating cancer-related dyspnea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence of HIV epidemics among non-injecting drug users in Iran: a systematic review.
CHRNB3 is more strongly associated with Fagerström test for cigarette dependence-based nicotine dependence than cigarettes per day: phenotype definition changes genome-wide association studies results.
The Assessment of Services Promoting Independence and Recovery in Elders Trial (ASPIRE): a pre-planned meta-analysis of three independent randomised controlled  trial evaluations of ageing in place initiatives in New Zealand.
Stress and coping in women living with HIV: a meta-analytic review.
Psychological trauma and PTSD in HIV-positive women: a meta-analysis.
Complication rates and effectiveness of uterine artery embolization in the treatment of symptomatic leiomyomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: adherence to colorectal cancer screening and the detection rate for advanced neoplasia, according to the type of screening test.
Meta-analysis: effect of preoperative infliximab use on early postoperative complications in patients with ulcerative colitis undergoing abdominal surgery.
Erythropoietin treatment in patients with acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Do manualized psychosocial interventions help reduce relapse among alcohol-dependent adults treated with naltrexone or placebo? A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of safety of the coadministration of statin with fenofibrate in patients with combined hyperlipidemia.
Meta-analysis of the effect of cardiac rehabilitation interventions on depression outcomes in adults 64 years of age and older.
Effects of trans fatty acids on glucose homeostasis: a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR) and sTfR/log ferritin index for the diagnosis of iron-deficiency anemia. A meta-analysis.
The use of pleural fluid procalcitonin and C-reactive protein in the diagnosis of parapneumonic pleural effusions: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiac events in hypertensive patients with renal artery stenosis treated with renal angioplasty or drug therapy: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Is statin use associated with reduced mortality after pneumonia? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Failure rates and associated risk factors of orthodontic miniscrew implants: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of single-session behavioral interventions to prevent sexually transmitted infections: implications for bundling prevention packages.
Laparoscopic versus open adhesiolysis in patients with adhesive small bowel obstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of open preperitoneal and Lichtenstein repair for inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the accuracy and precision of the ultrasonic cardiac output monitor (USCOM).
Effectiveness of TAD-anchored maxillary protraction in late mixed dentition.
Comparison of the test characteristics of procalcitonin to C-reactive protein and leukocytosis for the detection of serious bacterial infections in children presenting with fever without source: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Can broad-range 16S ribosomal ribonucleic acid gene polymerase chain reactions improve the diagnosis of bacterial meningitis? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions to improve influenza and pneumococcal vaccination rates among community-dwelling adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
(Bortezomib plus lenalidomide/thalidomide)- vs. (bortezomib or lenalidomide/thalidomide)-containing regimens as induction therapy in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of the vascular endothelial growth factor gene polymorphisms (-460C/T, +405G/C and +936T/C) with endometriosis: a meta-analysis.
Alcohol drinking and non-Hodgkin lymphoma risk: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors in type 2 diabetes: meta-analysis.
Mixed treatment comparison of the treatment discontinuations of biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs in adults with rheumatoid arthritis.
Variation in the ICAM1-ICAM4-ICAM5 locus is associated with systemic lupus erythematosus susceptibility in multiple ancestries.
Robot-assisted versus conventional laparoscopic surgery for colorectal disease, focusing on rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
A comprehensive meta-regression analysis on outcome of anatomic resection versus  nonanatomic resection for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Meta-analysis of observational studies to evaluate immediate outcomes after endarterectomy or stenting for carotid artery stenosis.
Zotarolimus-eluting stent versus sirolimus-eluting and paclitaxel-eluting stents  for percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Placebo response in relation to clinical trial design: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials for determining biologic efficacy in psoriasis treatment.
Effects of prophylactic hematopoietic colony stimulating factors on stem cell transplantations: meta-analysis.
Activity pacing, avoidance, endurance, and associations with patient functioning  in chronic pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of self-management of low back pain: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Effect of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs on the C-reactive protein level in  rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic meta-analysis of insula volume in schizophrenia.
Association of p53 Arg72Pro polymorphism with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for postpartum urinary retention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Open non-microsurgical, laparoscopic or open microsurgical varicocelectomy for male infertility: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic accuracy of transrectal elastosonography (TRES) imaging for the diagnosis of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic partial nephrectomy in obese patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between beta-blockers and fracture risk: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Systemic metoclopramide to prevent postoperative nausea and vomiting: a meta-analysis without Fujii's studies.
Transversus abdominis plane block for postoperative analgesia after Caesarean delivery performed under spinal anaesthesia? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of statin therapy in the prevention of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the effectiveness of psychological interventions for adults with skin conditions.
Telehealthcare for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: Cochrane Review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of lymph node metastasis rate for patients with thoracic oesophageal cancer and its implication in delineation of clinical target volume for radiation therapy.
Increasing physical activity in healthy adults: a meta-analysis.
Which physical examination tests provide clinicians with the most value when examining the shoulder? Update of a systematic review with meta-analysis of individual tests.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of safety of laparoscopic versus open appendicectomy for suspected appendicitis in pregnancy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the evidence for flexible sigmoidoscopy as a screening method for the prevention of colorectal cancer.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of duplex ultrasonography, contrast-enhanced  ultrasonography or computed tomography for surveillance after endovascular aneurysm repair.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of outcomes following emergency surgery for Clostridium difficile colitis.
Management of small HER2 overexpressing tumours.
Dietary calcium intake, vitamin D levels, and breast cancer risk: a dose-response analysis of observational studies.
Prevalence of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Aboriginal and  non-Aboriginal populations: a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and ovarian cancer risk: findings from the NIH-AARP Diet and Health Study and systematic review.
ABO blood group and risk of epithelial ovarian cancer within the Ovarian Cancer Association Consortium.
Prognosis of pregnancy-associated breast cancer: a meta-analysis of 30 studies.
Treatment-related mortality with vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy in patients with advanced solid tumors: a meta-analysis.
Review of measured concentrations of triphenyltin compounds in marine ecosystems  and meta-analysis of their risks to humans and the environment.
Adaptive servoventilation for treatment of sleep-disordered breathing in heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of Chinese and Western integrative medicine on medium and advanced lung cancer.
Meta-analysis of pancreaticoduodenectomy prospective controlled trials: pancreaticogastrostomy versus pancreaticojejunostomy reconstruction.
Investigation on the indication of ipsilateral adrenalectomy in radical nephrectomy: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of cardiac positron emission tomography versus single photon  emission computed tomography for coronary artery disease: a bivariate meta-analysis.
Circulating 25-hydroxy-vitamin D and risk of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Why does primary angioplasty not work in registries? Quantifying the susceptibility of real-world comparative effectiveness data to allocation bias.
Omega 3 Fatty acids and cardiovascular outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of pharmacological prophylaxis of venous thromboembolism  following elective knee or hip replacement: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Association of serum ferritin with coronary artery disease.
Placebo and nocebo responses in randomised controlled trials of drugs applying for approval for fibromyalgia syndrome treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
4-Liter split-dose polyethylene glycol is superior to other bowel preparations, based on systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preoperative anxiety and catastrophizing: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the association with chronic postsurgical pain.
Therapist effects in the therapeutic alliance-outcome relationship: a restricted-maximum likelihood meta-analysis.
Long-term clinical outcomes following sirolimus-eluting stent implantation in patients with acute myocardial infarction. A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Diabetes mellitus and the incidence and mortality of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of 24 cohort studies.
Rectal washout and local recurrence in rectal resection for cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta analysis of gene expression changes upon treatment of A549 cells with anti-cancer drugs to identify universal responses.
Percutaneous coronary intervention among patients with left ventricular systolic  dysfunction: a review and meta-analysis of 19 clinical studies.
Prophylactic intra-aortic balloon pump in high-risk patients undergoing coronary  artery bypass surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Etomidate is associated with mortality and adrenal insufficiency in sepsis: a meta-analysis*.
Efficacy spectrum of antishivering medications: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of telaprevir and boceprevir in treatment-naïve and treatment-experienced genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C patients: an indirect comparison using Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Smoking influences response to inhaled corticosteroids in patients with asthma: a meta-analysis.
Varicocele repair for infertility: what is the evidence?
OnabotulinumtoxinA: a meta-analysis of duration of effect in the treatment of glabellar lines.
Anxiety in adolescents born preterm or with very low birthweight: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Genetic predisposition to high blood pressure associates with cardiovascular complications among patients with type 2 diabetes: two independent studies.
Metabolic syndrome and risk of cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Breast-feeding and childhood-onset type 1 diabetes: a pooled analysis of individual participant data from 43 observational studies.
Mortality in diabetes compared with previous cardiovascular disease: a gender-specific meta-analysis.
Polymorphism M55V in gene encoding small ubiquitin-like modifier 4 (SUMO4) protein associates with susceptibility to type 1 (and type 2) diabetes.
A meta-analysis of serious adverse events reported with exenatide and liraglutide: acute pancreatitis and cancer.
The diabetic pregnancy and offspring blood pressure in childhood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sedentary time in adults and the association with diabetes, cardiovascular disease and death: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of ulceration of the foot with cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Anti-Saccharomyces cerevisiae antibodies associate with phenotypes and higher risk for surgery in Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Combination of radiofrequency ablation with transarterial chemoembolization for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Perioperative systemic lidocaine for postoperative analgesia and recovery after abdominal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of circulatory disease from exposure to low-level ionizing radiation and estimates of potential population mortality risks.
Processing of food, body and emotional stimuli in anorexia nervosa: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Urologic complication in laparoscopic radical hysterectomy: meta-analysis of 20 studies.
Abdominal obesity and the risk of colorectal adenoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Efficacy of tranexamic acid in paediatric cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evaluation of interferon-gamma release assays for the diagnosis of tuberculosis:  an updated meta-analysis.
Association of polymorphism +874 A/T of interferon-γ and susceptibility to the development of tuberculosis: meta-analysis.
Magnesium intake and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Fish consumption and risk of stroke and its subtypes: accumulative evidence from  a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Ursodeoxycholic acid for nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Meta-analysis of genetic association studies under heterogeneity.
Risk factors for developmental dysplasia of the hip: a meta-analysis.
Concordance of qualitative bone scintigraphy results with presence of clinical complex regional pain syndrome 1: meta-analysis of test accuracy studies.
Meta-analysis study of lymph node staging by 18 F-FDG PET/CT scan in non-small cell lung cancer: comparison of TB and non-TB endemic regions.
18F-FDG PET or PET/CT for detection of metastatic lymph nodes in patients with endometrial cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the risk for anastomotic leakage, the postoperative mortality caused by leakage in relation to the overall postoperative mortality.
A new meta-analytic method for neuroimaging studies that combines reported peak coordinates and statistical parametric maps.
Testicular microlithiasis: is there a need for surveillance in the absence of other risk factors?
Lung cancer risk and solid fuel smoke exposure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A contemporary assessment of nocturia: definition, epidemiology, pathophysiology, and management--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anticholinergic drugs for adult neurogenic detrusor overactivity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of cardiac resynchronization therapy and implantable cardioverter defibrillator on quality of life in patients with heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic yield of small-bowel capsule endoscopy in patients with iron-deficiency anemia: a systematic review.
Association between the CTGF -945C/G polymorphism and systemic sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Association between the CTLA-4 +49A/G polymorphism and type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Anti-EGFR-targeting agents in recurrent or metastatic head and neck carcinoma: a  meta-analysis.
Experimental evidence for the intention-behavior relationship in the physical activity domain: a meta-analysis.
Two zotarolimus-eluting stent generations: a meta-analysis of 12 randomised trials versus other limus-eluting stents and an adjusted indirect comparison.
Effects of fish oil supplementation on cardiac function in chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Intracoronary infusion of bone marrow-derived mononuclear cells contributes to longstanding improvements of left ventricular performance and remodelling after acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Atrial fibrillation and the risk of incident dementia: a meta-analysis.
Is the TissueLink dissecting sealer a better liver resection device than clamp-crushing? A meta-analysis and system review.
Effect of Helicobacter pylori eradication on blood ammonia levels in cirrhotic patients: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of lopinavir/ritonavir-containing antiretroviral therapy in HIV-1-infected women.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of studies comparing laparoscopic and open  distal pancreatectomy.
No association between IL-1β -31 C/T polymorphism and the risk of duodenal ulcer: a meta-analysis of 3793 subjects.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of common variant differences between men and women.
Is Ginkgo biloba a cognitive enhancer in healthy individuals? A meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of serum hCG on the outcome of pregnancy of unknown location: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Emotional distress is a common risk in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 28 studies.
Overweight, obesity and central obesity in women with polycystic ovary syndrome:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dairy consumption and incidence of hypertension: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Association between preoperative statin therapy and postoperative infectious complications in patients undergoing cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Performance of interferon-gamma release assays in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immunotherapy with Sipuleucel-T (APC8015) in patients with metastatic castration-refractory prostate cancer (mCRPC): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the 5-HT1A receptor gene polymorphism (rs6295) and antidepressants: a meta-analysis.
Middle meatal spacers for the prevention of synechiae following endoscopic sinus  surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk factors for development of Clostridium difficile infection due to BI/NAP1/027 strain: a meta-analysis.
Is primary prevention of Clostridium difficile infection possible with specific probiotics?
Marginal bone loss around tilted implants in comparison to straight implants: a meta-analysis.
Systematic assessment of clinical outcomes in bone-level and tissue-level endosseous dental implants.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the survival of feldspathic porcelain veneers over 5 and 10 years.
Biofeedback for the treatment of female pelvic floor muscle dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Haemodynamic goal-directed therapy in cardiac and vascular surgery. A systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Validity of DSM-IV attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptom dimensions and subtypes.
Efficacy of subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergens for seasonal allergic rhinitis: a meta-analysis-based comparison.
Effects of yoga on psychologic function and quality of life in women with breast  cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diffuse neonatal hemangiomatosis: an evidence-based review of case reports in the literature.
Leader-member exchange (LMX) and culture: a meta-analysis of correlates of LMX across 23 countries.
Follicular flushing during oocyte retrieval: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphisms and recurrent pregnancy loss: a meta-analysis.
Compliance with neuromuscular training and anterior cruciate ligament injury risk reduction in female athletes: a meta-analysis.
Effect of culturally tailored diabetes education in ethnic minorities with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption and the risk of hypertension in men and women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Peri-implant marginal bone level: a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies comparing platform switching versus conventionally restored implants.
Changes in suicide rates following media reports on celebrity suicide: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of systemic therapies for moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of long-term treatment.
Effect of ephedrine on intubating conditions created by propofol and rocuronium:  a meta-analysis.
The validity of using analogue patients in practitioner-patient communication research: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The diagnostic accuracy of X-ray arthrography for triangular fibrocartilaginous complex injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Automated blood pressure measurement in atrial fibrillation: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
The relationship between vestibular aqueduct diameter and sensorineural hearing loss is linear: a review and meta-analysis of large case series.
A meta-analysis of clinical improvements of general well-being by a standardized  Lycium barbarum.
Distinct and replicable genetic risk factors for acute respiratory distress syndrome of pulmonary or extrapulmonary origin.
Association between CTLA4 gene polymorphisms and acute rejection of kidney transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Neuroimaging of cognitive brain function in paediatric obsessive compulsive disorder: a review of literature and preliminary meta-analysis.
Post-traumatic amnesia predicts intelligence impairment following traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis.
The prevalence of mental health and pain symptoms in general population samples reporting nonmedical use of prescription opioids: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An evidence-based meta-analysis of vascular endothelial growth factor inhibition  in pediatric retinal diseases: part 1. Retinopathy of prematurity.
The association between parent PTSD/depression symptoms and child PTSD symptoms:  a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-1 gene polymorphisms and chronic periodontitis in adult whites: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing the donor-site morbidity using DIEP, SIEA or MS-TRAM flaps for breast reconstructive surgery: a meta-analysis.
Does depression predict the use of urgent and unscheduled care by people with long term conditions? A systematic review with meta-analysis.
The effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in patients with chronic renal failure--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled  trials.
Comparison of nutritional quality between conventional and organic dairy products: a meta-analysis.
Resistance training to improve power and sports performance in adolescent athletes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Scapular kinematics and subacromial-impingement syndrome: a meta-analysis.
The role of fibrin glue instillation under skin flaps in the prevention of seroma formation and related morbidities following breast and axillary surgery for breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative mediastinal and hilar nodal staging with diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging and fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer: which is better?
Association between tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene -308A/G polymorphism and the risk of acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Gentamicin collagen sponges for the prevention of sternal wound infection: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between B-group vitamins and venous thrombosis: systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Infection retardant coated inflatable penile prostheses decrease the incidence of infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interferon therapy of acute hepatitis C in dialysis patients: meta-analysis.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln and clinical outcome of platinum-based treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis in 17 studies.
Complications after patello-femoral versus total knee replacement in the treatment of isolated patello-femoral osteoarthritis. A meta-analysis.
Prevalence of tuberculosis, hepatitis C virus, and HIV in homeless people: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic risk factors for ischaemic stroke and its subtypes (the METASTROKE collaboration): a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Menarche, menopause, and breast cancer risk: individual participant meta-analysis, including 118 964 women with breast cancer from 117 epidemiological studies.
The Gordian knot of interim 18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography for Hodgkin lymphoma: a meta-analysis and commentary on published studies.
Effects of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents on survival and other outcomes in patients with lymphoproliferative malignancies: a study-level meta-analysis.
Recipient outcomes of salvage liver transplantation versus primary liver transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Coffee and tea consumption and risk of lung cancer: a dose-response analysis of observational studies.
Asthma and the menopause: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Number of CAG repeats in POLG1 and its association with Parkinson disease in the  Norwegian population.
MTHFR polymorphisms and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 (CYP1A1) gene polymorphisms and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association analysis of coffee drinking suggests association with CYP1A1/CYP1A2 and NRCAM.
The association of miR-146a rs2910164 and miR-196a2 rs11614913 polymorphisms with cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 32 studies.
[Effect of propofol and inhalation anesthesia on postoperative cognitive dysfunction in the elderly: a meta-analysis].
Host-microbe interactions have shaped the genetic architecture of inflammatory bowel disease.
Effect of illegal substance use on cognitive function in individuals with a psychotic disorder: a review and meta-analysis.
Not just fear and sadness: meta-analytic evidence of pervasive emotion recognition deficits for facial and vocal expressions in psychopathy.
Meta-analysis of fMRI studies of timing in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
Multimodal meta-analysis of structural and functional brain changes in first episode psychosis and the effects of antipsychotic medication.
Patterns in neurosurgical adverse events: cerebrospinal fluid shunt surgery.
Effectiveness of percutaneous posterior tibial nerve stimulation for overactive bladder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of pretherapeutic lymph node staging of colorectal cancer by 18F-FDG PET or PET/CT.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials of the effects of low carbohydrate diets on cardiovascular risk factors.
Do postoperative psychotherapeutic interventions and support groups influence weight loss following bariatric surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized trials.
Risk of fever after misoprostol for the prevention of postpartum hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
Professional drivers and lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Induction chemotherapy decreases the rate of distant metastasis in patients with  head and neck squamous cell carcinoma but does not improve survival or locoregional control: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of pre-surgical infant orthopedic treatment for cleft lip and palate patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anterior versus posterior approach in 3D correction of adolescent idiopathic thoracic scoliosis: a meta-analysis.
The percutaneous compression plate versus the dynamic hip screw for treatment of  intertrochanteric hip fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Association of MTHFR C667T polymorphism with bone mineral density and fracture risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Antibiotics and antiseptics to prevent infection in cardiac rhythm management device implantation surgery.
Genetic markers of malignant transformation in intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm of the pancreas: a meta-analysis.
The role of artesunate for the treatment of urinary schistosomiasis in schoolchildren: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of tuberculosis, hepatitis C virus, and HIV in homeless people: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of fluorine-18-dihydroxyphenylalanine positron emission tomography in diagnosing and localizing the focal form of congenital hyperinsulinism: a meta-analysis.
No observed association for mitochondrial SNPs with preterm delivery and related  outcomes.
Is there any difference between blood and crystalloid cardioplegia for myocardial protection during cardiac surgery? A meta-analysis of 5576 patients from 36 randomized trials.
Sequential priming measures of implicit social cognition: a meta-analysis of associations with behavior and explicit attitudes.
Frequency of adverse drug reactions in hospitalized patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Entecavir versus lamivudine for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B: a systematic review.
Extended exercise rehabilitation after hip fracture improves patients' physical function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is postural platform suited to study correlations between the masticatory system  and body posture? A study of repeatability and a meta-analysis of reported variations.
The competition-performance relation: a meta-analytic review and test of the opposing processes model of competition and performance.
The psychological effects of meditation: a meta-analysis.
Sleep, cognition, and behavioral problems in school-age children: a century of research meta-analyzed.
Do subthreshold psychotic experiences predict clinical outcomes in unselected non-help-seeking population-based samples? A systematic review and meta-analysis, enriched with new results.
Continuous peripheral nerve block compared with single-injection peripheral nerve block: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of transdermal testosterone in poor responders undergoing IVF: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Positive parenting of children with developmental disabilities: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of behavioral parent training for children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Meta-analysis of the effect of exercise programs for individuals with intellectual disabilities.
Does upper extremity exercise improve dyspnea in patients with COPD? A meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of mortality in rheumatic diseases.
[Cost-effectiveness analysis of apixaban compared to dabigatran in the prevention of venous thromboembolism in patients subjected to total knee or hip replacement].
The effectiveness of proprioceptive-based exercise for osteoarthritis of the knee: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association of urbanicity with schizophrenia.
White matter development in adolescence: diffusion tensor imaging and meta-analytic results.
Neuroanatomical maps of psychosis onset: voxel-wise meta-analysis of antipsychotic-naive VBM studies.
A meta-analysis of the polyunsaturated fatty acid composition of erythrocyte membranes in schizophrenia.
Meta-analysis of association studies between DISC1 missense variants and schizophrenia in the Japanese population.
Supportive evidence for the association between the Gln2Pro polymorphism in the SIGMAR1 gene and schizophrenia in the Japanese population: a case-control study and an updated meta-analysis.
Efficacy of human immunodeficiency virus prevention interventions among men who have sex with men in China: a meta-analysis.
Cerebrovascular reserve and stroke risk in patients with carotid stenosis or occlusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for intracranial hemorrhage in acute ischemic stroke patients treated with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 55 studies.
Minimally invasive surgery for spontaneous supratentorial intracerebral hemorrhage: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Bisphosphonates in the treatment of patients with lung cancer and metastatic bone disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The three most common variations of the left renal vein: a review and meta-analysis.
Interpretation of endpoints in a network meta-analysis of new oral anticoagulants following total hip or total knee replacement surgery.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of constraint-induced movement therapy in the hemiparetic upper extremity more than six months post stroke.
Resistance training for gait speed and total distance walked during the chronic stage of stroke: a meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular conditioning for comfortable gait speed and total distance walked  during the chronic stage of stroke: a meta-analysis.
[Operative versus nonoperative treatment of displaced midshaft clavicular fractures : a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials].
Therapeutic efficacy of platelet components treated with amotosalen and ultraviolet A pathogen inactivation method: results of a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Single-incision laparoscopic cholecystectomy versus conventional laparoscopic cholecystectomy: meta-analysis and systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
[Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of integrative medicine therapy for treatment of chronic severe hepatitis].
[A meta-analysis of bone morphogenetic protein for the treatment of open tibial fractures].
[Diagnostic value of contrast-enhanced ultrasound for small hepatocellular carcinoma in cirrhotic patients: a meta-analysis].
[Effects of antiviral nucleotide/nucleoside analogues and interferon on hepatitis B virus-related liver cirrhosis: a meta-analysis].
[Relationship between pesticide exposure and adverse pregnancy outcomes among famers: a meta-analysis].
[The efficacy of antihypertensive treatment on diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose tolerance patients with blood pressure below 140/90 mm Hg: a meta-analysis].
[Effect of perioperative glucose-insulin-potassium infusions on the prognosis in  patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of efficacy and safety on neoadjuvant therapy for rectal cancer].
The association between cognitive function and white matter lesion location in older adults: a systematic review.
Association between fish consumption, long chain omega 3 fatty acids, and risk of cerebrovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between smoke-free legislation and hospitalizations for cardiac, cerebrovascular, and respiratory diseases: a meta-analysis.
Does rubidium-82 PET have superior accuracy to SPECT perfusion imaging for the diagnosis of obstructive coronary disease?: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and brain hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
Bisphosphonate use and gastrointestinal tract cancer risk: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Levofloxacin/amoxicillin-based schemes vs quadruple therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication in second-line.
Systematic review with meta-analysis of the epidemiological evidence relating FEV1 decline to lung cancer risk.
Job strain as a risk factor for coronary heart disease: a collaborative meta-analysis of individual participant data.
Association between XRCC1 polymorphism 399 G->A and glioma among Caucasians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the diagnostic performance of [18F]FDG-PET and PET/CT in renal cell carcinoma.
Hyperhomocysteinemia exaggerates adventitial inflammation and angiotensin II-induced abdominal aortic aneurysm in mice.
p16INK4a immunocytochemistry versus human papillomavirus testing for triage of women with minor cytologic abnormalities: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of cytotoxic T-lymphocyte associated antigen 4 gene polymorphism with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Does the variable-stiffness colonoscope makes colonoscopy easier? A meta-analysis of the efficacy of the variable stiffness colonoscope compared with the standard  adult colonoscope.
Association between use of lung-protective ventilation with lower tidal volumes and clinical outcomes among patients without acute respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Adherence to antiretroviral therapy during and after pregnancy in low-income, middle-income, and high-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of resveratrol on longevity across species: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association of mood-incongruent psychotic bipolar disorder.
Acupuncture for chronic pain: individual patient data meta-analysis.
Carbon dioxide insufflation for endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography: A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Colonic stenting vs emergent surgery for acute left-sided malignant colonic obstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of thromboembolism with thrombopoietin receptor agonists in adult patients with thrombocytopenia: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Identifying the lowest effective dose of acetazolamide for the prophylaxis of acute mountain sickness: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Radiation dose and diagnostic accuracy of multidetector computed tomography for the detection of significant coronary artery stenoses: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of the safety between first- and second-generation drug eluting stents: meta-analysis from 19 randomized trials and 16,924 patients.
Early intensive behavioral intervention (EIBI) for young children with autism spectrum disorders (ASD).
General health checks in adults for reducing morbidity and mortality from disease.
Incentives for preventing smoking in children and adolescents.
Combined pharmacotherapy and behavioural interventions for smoking cessation.
Prophylactic antibiotics to reduce the risk of urinary tract infections after urodynamic studies.
Collaboration between local health and local government agencies for health improvement.
Antibiotics for treating human brucellosis.
Cemented, cementless or hybrid fixation options in total knee arthroplasty for osteoarthritis and other non-traumatic diseases.
Pain relief for women with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia undergoing colposcopy treatment.
Topical cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator gene replacement for  cystic fibrosis-related lung disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid drainage for thoracic and thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm surgery.
Vitamin K antagonists or low-molecular-weight heparin for the long term treatment of symptomatic venous thromboembolism.
Oestrogen therapy for urinary incontinence in post-menopausal women.
Surgery or embolization for varicoceles in subfertile men.
ABO blood group system and gastric cancer: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Single mini-incision total hip replacement for the management of arthritic disease of the hip: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The influence of obesity on the complication rate and outcome of total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis and systematic literature review.
Physical activity and risks of proximal and distal colon cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of rapid and point-of-care screening tests for hepatitis C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of mild to moderate chronic kidney disease with venous thromboembolism: pooled analysis of five prospective general population cohorts.
Meta-analysis of optimal risk stratification in patients >65 years of age.
Replication study and meta-analysis in European samples supports association of the 3p21.1 locus with bipolar disorder.
A systematic review with attempted network meta-analysis of asthma therapy recommended for five to eighteen year olds in GINA steps three and four.
Meta-analysis of the prognostic value of circulating tumor cells in breast cancer.
The association between hsa-miR-499 T>C polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Estrogen receptor-alpha gene PvuII (T/C) and XbaI (A/G) polymorphisms and endometriosis risk: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of fecal tumor M2-pyruvate kinase for CRC screening: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of continuous positive airway pressure treatment on blood pressure: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Where in the brain is nonliteral language? A coordinate-based meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
A meta-analysis of fMRI studies on Chinese orthographic, phonological, and semantic processing.
On the spatial organization of sound processing in the human temporal lobe: a meta-analysis.
Kinematics of the cervical adjacent segments after disc arthroplasty compared with anterior discectomy and fusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder among children and adolescents in Spain: a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
The association between MTHFR 677C>T polymorphism and cervical cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Genetic variants near PDGFRA are associated with corneal curvature in Australians.
FTO genotype is associated with phenotypic variability of body mass index.
NEDD9 rs760678 polymorphism and the risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Dietary iron intake, body iron stores, and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive reorganization during pregnancy and the postpartum period: an evolutionary perspective.
High expression of miR-210 predicts poor survival in patients with breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of cognitive functioning in breast cancer survivors previously treated with standard-dose chemotherapy.
Can EGFR-TKIs be used in first line treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer based on selection according to clinical factors? - A literature-based meta-analysis.
Tocolytic therapy for preterm delivery: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Association of total iron binding capacity with coronary artery disease.
Cardiac outcomes with submaximal normal stress echocardiography: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of clinical efficacy of TVT-S versus TVT-O/TOT in the treatment of stress urinary incontinence].
Long-acting β2-agonist step-off in patients with controlled asthma.
Meta-regression models to address heterogeneity and inconsistency in network meta-analysis of survival outcomes.
Association of COMT Val158Met polymorphism and breast cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Thymidylate synthase expression and prognosis in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of colorectal cancer survival data.
Insulin glargine and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Safety of nevirapine in HIV-infected pregnant women initiating antiretroviral therapy at higher CD4 counts: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide linkage and association analyses implicate FASN in predisposition to  Uterine Leiomyomata.
Discovery and fine mapping of serum protein loci through transethnic meta-analysis.
Association of p53 Arg72Pro and MDM2 SNP309 polymorphisms with glioma.
Synbiotics, probiotics or prebiotics in infant formula for full term infants: a systematic review.
Functional connectivity profile of the human inferior frontal junction: involvement in a cognitive control network.
Opiate substitution treatment and HIV transmission in people who inject drugs: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic meta-analyses and field synopsis of genetic association studies in colorectal cancer.
Association of the CR1 polymorphism with late-onset Alzheimer's disease in Chinese Han populations: a meta-analysis.
Antipsychotics in adults with schizophrenia: comparative effectiveness of first-generation versus second-generation medications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Indoor tanning and non-melanoma skin cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of attempted suicide with genetic variants in the SLC6A4 and TPH  genes depends on the definition of suicidal behavior: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Detection rate of recurrent medullary thyroid carcinoma using fluorine-18 dihydroxyphenylalanine positron emission tomography: a meta-analysis.
Does family history of alcohol problems influence college and university drinking or substance use? A meta-analytical review.
Post-stroke pneumonia prevention by angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors: results of a meta-analysis of five studies in Asians.
Review: a meta-analysis of GWAS and age-associated diseases.
HIV testing among men who have sex with men in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
HIV/sexual risk reduction interventions in China: a meta-analysis.
Diffusion-weighted MRI in the detection of prostate cancer: meta-analysis.
The relationship between alcohol consumption and fatal motor vehicle injury: high risk at low alcohol levels.
Meta-analysis: oral bisphosphonates and the risk of oesophageal cancer.
Meta-analysis: the safety and efficacy of vaptans (tolvaptan, satavaptan and lixivaptan) in cirrhosis with ascites or hyponatraemia.
Antihypertensive effects of olmesartan compared with other angiotensin receptor blockers: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of school-based interventions to improve daily fruit and vegetable intake in children aged 5 to 12 y.
Effects of dairy intake on body weight and fat: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of iron intake on iron status: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Role of inferior vena cava diameter in assessment of volume status: a meta-analysis.
Effects of low-carbohydrate diets versus low-fat diets on metabolic risk factors: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Dietary protein intake and blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Long working hours and coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of symptoms meeting criteria for irritable bowel syndrome in inflammatory bowel disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis argues for a female-specific role of MAOA-uVNTR in panic disorder in four European populations.
Toward systems neuroscience of ADHD: a meta-analysis of 55 fMRI studies.
Genome-wide association studies identify CHRNA5/3 and HTR4 in the development of  airflow obstruction.
The role of sentinel lymph node biopsy in select sarcoma patients: a meta-analysis.
Tacrolimus trough levels, rejection and renal impairment in liver transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting: randomised controlled trials by Fujii et al. compared with other authors.
Does intraoperative ketamine attenuate inflammatory reactivity following surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of Raynaud syndrome with β-blockers: a meta-analysis.
Magnetocardiography for the diagnosis of coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary fructose, carbohydrates, glycemic indices and pancreatic cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Genetic variants in IL15 associate with progression of joint destruction in rheumatoid arthritis: a multicohort study.
Efficacy of adjuvant chemotherapy after surgery when considered over all cancer types: a synthesis of meta-analyses.
Non-compliance with digoxin in patients with heart failure and/or atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Surgical treatment strategies in chronic pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Radiation therapy for Graves' ophthalmopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of genetic polymorphisms in granulomatosis with polyangiitis (Wegener's) reveals shared susceptibility loci with rheumatoid arthritis.
Patterns and predictors of change in outcome measures in clinical trials in scleroderma: an individual patient meta-analysis of 629 subjects with diffuse cutaneous systemic sclerosis.
Ambulatory arterial stiffness index: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
iBBiG: iterative binary bi-clustering of gene sets.
Accuracy of colposcopy-directed punch biopsies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
α-blockers, antibiotics and anti-inflammatories have a role in the management of  chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of follicular lymphoma.
Ventilation strategies in obese patients undergoing surgery: a quantitative systematic review and meta-analysis.
Overall treatment success after treatment of primary superficial basal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized  trials.
Association between HLA-DRB1 polymorphisms and pemphigus vulgaris: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of differences in IL-6 and IL-10 between people with and without  depression: exploring the causes of heterogeneity.
Factors affecting medial temporal lobe engagement for past and future episodic events: an ALE meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Parsing the neural correlates of moral cognition: ALE meta-analysis on morality,  theory of mind, and empathy.
Lapatinib, trastuzumab or the combination added to preoperative chemotherapy for  breast cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized evidence.
Excess body weight and second primary cancer risk after breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Metformin and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis and critical literature review.
Periodontal disease treatment and risk of preterm birth: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of CYP1A1*2A variations with oral carcinoma susceptibility: evidence from 1,438 cases and 2,086 controls.
Comparison of weekly versus every 3 weeks paclitaxel in the treatment of advanced solid tumors: a meta-analysis.
Does anti-EGFR therapy improve outcome in advanced colorectal cancer? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Radiotherapy versus surgery within multimodality protocols for esophageal cancer--a meta-analysis of the randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of impact of proton pump inhibitors on antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel.
Sirolimus- versus paclitaxel-eluting stents for coronary bifurcations intervention: a meta-analysis of five clinical trials.
Lack of efficacy of probiotics in preventing ventilator-associated pneumonia probiotics for ventilator-associated pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of treatment for pterygium by autologous conjunctival transplantation and mitomycin C.
Favorable effects of vasodilators on left ventricular remodeling in asymptomatic  patients with chronic moderate-severe aortic regurgitation and normal ejection fraction: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
The effectiveness and safety of triple-antiplatelet treatment based on cilostazol for patients receiving percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
A reliability generalization meta-analysis of coefficient alpha for the Reynolds  Adolescent Depression Scale.
Safety of telaprevir for chronic hepatitis C virus infection: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Comparison of Timothy grass pollen extract- and single major allergen-induced gene expression and mediator release in airway epithelial cells: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of Tilmanocept in sentinel lymph mode mapping and identification in  breast cancer patients: a comparative review and meta-analysis of the ⁹⁹mTc-labeled nanocolloid human serum albumin standard of care.
Balloon dilation with adequate duration is safer than sphincterotomy for extracting bile duct stones: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
An updated systematic review and meta-analysis on the treatment of active tuberculosis in patients with HIV infection.
Cinnamon in glycaemic control: Systematic review and meta analysis.
Accuracy of computer-aided implant placement.
Which treatment is the best for giant cell tumors of the distal radius? A meta-analysis.
Is there really no benefit of vertebroplasty for osteoporotic vertebral fractures? A meta-analysis.
Neuromuscular electrical stimulation in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety evaluation of two doses of imatinib for the treatment of advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs).
Single-incision laparoscopy for colorectal resection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of more than a thousand procedures.
Clinical effectiveness of transversus abdominis plane (TAP) block in abdominal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acupoint stimulation intervention for people with primary dysmenorrhea: Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of the association between posttraumatic stress disorder and suicidality: the role of comorbid depression.
Atrial fibrillation and mortality in patients with acute myocardial infarction: a systematic overview and meta-analysis.
Clinical trials of dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson's disease dementia.
Interleukin-10 gene polymorphisms and chronic/aggressive periodontitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on 14 case-control studies.
Personalized treatment of adult depression: medication, psychotherapy, or both? A systematic review.
Effect of folic acid supplementation on plasma total homocysteine levels and glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Increased risk of bladder cancer with pioglitazone therapy in patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Cancer outcomes and all-cause mortality in adults allocated to metformin: systematic review and collaborative meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
Common polymorphism near the MC4R gene is associated with type 2 diabetes: data from a meta-analysis of 123,373 individuals.
Impact of FTO genotypes on BMI and weight in polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing tolerability of olanzapine in schizophrenia and affective disorders: a  meta-analysis.
Effect of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in Alzheimer's disease with comorbid depression: a meta-analysis of depression and cognitive outcomes.
Meta-analysis of association studies between five candidate genes and type 2 diabetes in Chinese Han population.
Associations of adiponectin gene polymorphisms with polycystic ovary syndrome: a  meta-analysis.
Warm water infusion colonoscopy: a review and meta-analysis.
Developmental fluoride neurotoxicity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Occupational exposure to pesticides and Parkinson's disease: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Alterations of TP53 are associated with a poor outcome for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma: evidence from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fruit and vegetable intake and type 2 diabetes: EPIC-InterAct prospective study and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of α-lipoic acid in the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Thyroid antibodies and risk of preterm delivery: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Meta-analysis: selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and colon cancer.
Relationship of serum sodium concentration to mortality in a wide spectrum of heart failure patients with preserved and with reduced ejection fraction: an individual patient data meta-analysis(†): Meta-Analysis Global Group in Chronic heart failure (MAGGIC).
Meta-analyses of genome-wide linkage scans of anxiety-related phenotypes.
Haptoglobin genotype and cardiovascular outcomes in diabetes mellitus - natural history of the disease and the effect of vitamin E treatment. Meta-analysis of the medical literature.
The association of Raynaud's syndrome with cisplatin-based chemotherapy - a meta-analysis.
Association between TGF-β1-509C/T polymorphism and endometriosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gender role affects experimental pain responses: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: serum creatinine changes following contrast enhanced CT imaging.
Real-time elastography for the differentiation of benign and malignant superficial lymph nodes: a meta-analysis.
Ultrasonic dissection versus electrocautery in mastectomy for breast cancer - a meta-analysis.
Morphological measurements in computed tomography correlate with airflow obstruction in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protecting the tuberculosis drug pipeline: stating the case for the rational use  of fluoroquinolones.
Laparoendoscopic single-site nephrectomy compared with conventional laparoscopic  nephrectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Cardiac resynchronization therapy after atrioventricular junction ablation for symptomatic atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Residual effects of cannabis use on neurocognitive performance after prolonged abstinence: a meta-analysis.
[Interventions in people at risk of developing first episode psychosis: a survey  of current randomised controlled studies].
Novel intraocular and systemic absorption drug delivery and efficacy of N-acetylcarnosine lubricant eye drops or carcinine biologics in pharmaceutical usage and therapeutic vision care.
A meta-analysis of endoscopic submucosal dissection and EMR for early gastric cancer.
Interleukin-28B polymorphisms on the SVR in the treatment of naïve chronic hepatitis C with pegylated interferon-α plus ribavirin: a meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor and recurrent spontaneous abortion: a meta-analysis.
Analysis of the DISC1 translocation partner (11q14.3) in genetic risk of schizophrenia.
Apolipoprotein a5 gene polymorphism and risk for metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Role of ultrasound-guided core-needle biopsy in the assessment of head and neck lesions: a meta-analysis and systematic review of the literature.
The effectiveness of chronic care management for heart failure: meta-regression analyses to explain the heterogeneity in outcomes.
Endogenous oestradiol and cardiovascular disease in healthy men: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Matrix metalloproteinase family gene polymorphisms and risk for coronary artery disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of the electrocardiographic early repolarization pattern.
Segmental colitis associated with diverticulosis: systematic evaluation of 486 cases with meta-analysis.
Efficacy of ondansetron vs. metoclopramide in prophylaxis of postoperative nausea and vomiting after laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Primary biliary cirrhosis and cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of mesh-plug and Lichtenstein for inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on heavy and lightweight polypropylene mesh in Lichtenstein inguinal hernioplasty.
Lightweight versus heavyweight in inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing lightweight and heavyweight mesh for Lichtenstein inguinal hernia repair.
Advanced age is a risk factor for post-operative complications and mortality after a pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Association between the SUMO4 M55V (A163G) polymorphism and susceptibility to type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Associations between TNFSF4 and TRAF1-C5 gene polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Integration of patient characteristics and the results of Chlamydia antibody testing and hysterosalpingography in the diagnosis of tubal pathology: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
The effect of sperm DNA fragmentation on miscarriage rates: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Short sleep duration is associated with hypertension risk among adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of hypothermia in hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy at 18 mo or more.
SP110 gene polymorphisms and tuberculosis susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis based on 10 624 subjects.
Fecal calprotectin in predicting relapse of inflammatory bowel diseases: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Association of IL23R polymorphisms with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Association of Raynaud's syndrome with interferons. A meta-analysis.
Coffee consumption and risk of endometrial cancer: findings from a large up-to-date meta-analysis.
Combination therapy an ACE inhibitor and an angiotensin receptor blocker for IgA  nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Adult height and the risk of cause-specific death and vascular morbidity in 1 million people: individual participant meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: amantadine may lower the efficacy of pegylated interferon plus ribavirin in treatment-naive hepatitis C genotype 1 patients.
Risk factors for failed conversion of labor epidural analgesia to cesarean delivery anesthesia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational trials.
Stem cell-based therapy for experimental stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness of oral triptans for acute migraine: mixed treatment comparison.
Murine double minute 2 promoter SNP309 polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of clinical studies on hereditary factors in pelvic organ prolapse.
Is it oncologically safe performing simultaneous transurethral resection of the bladder and prostate? A meta-analysis on 1,234 patients.
Meta-analysis of amiodarone versus β-blocker as a prophylactic therapy against atrial fibrillation following cardiac surgery.
Meta-analysis of screening and case finding tools for depression in cancer: evidence based recommendations for clinical practice on behalf of the Depression  in Cancer Care consensus group.
A meta-analysis of cognitive deficits in first-episode Major Depressive Disorder.
Mapping the depressed brain: a meta-analysis of structural and functional alterations in major depressive disorder.
Cognitive behavioral therapy for depression in older people: a meta-analysis and  meta-regression of randomized controlled trials.
Associations of glycemic index and load with coronary heart disease events: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohorts.
The impact of emotional well-being on long-term recovery and survival in physical illness: a meta-analysis.
Why reservations remain: a critical reflection about the systematic review and meta-analysis "Osteopathic manipulative treatment for low back pain" by Licciardone et al.
Proximal interphalangeal joint replacement in patients with arthritis of the hand: a meta-analysis.
XPD Asp312Asn polymorphism is a risk factor for prostate cancer.
Carotid endarterectomy plus medical therapy or medical therapy alone for carotid  artery stenosis in symptomatic or asymptomatic patients: a meta-analysis.
Intensive intraoperative insulin therapy versus conventional insulin therapy during cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Exogenous surfactant may improve oxygenation but not mortality in adult patients  with acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis of 9  clinical trials.
Combination therapy improves exercise capacity and reduces risk of clinical worsening in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of community-acquired pneumonia with moxifloxacin: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Combined effects of the variants FSHB -211G>T and FSHR 2039A>G on male reproductive parameters.
Prevalence of dementia and major dementia subtypes in the Chinese populations: a  meta-analysis of dementia prevalence surveys, 1980-2010.
Quantitative model of the relationship between dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibition and response: meta-analysis of alogliptin, saxagliptin, sitagliptin, and vildagliptin efficacy results.
Further evidence for robust familiality of pediatric bipolar I disorder: results  from a very large controlled family study of pediatric bipolar I disorder and a meta-analysis.
Correlation between different levels of placebo response rate and clinical trial  outcome in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Interventions to increase attendance at psychotherapy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is the allegiance effect an epiphenomenon of true efficacy differences between treatments? a meta-analysis.
Analysis of genetic variants of class II cytokine and their receptor genes in psoriasis patients of two ethnic groups from the Volga-Ural region of Russia.
Changes in pain sensitivity following spinal manipulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Flexible ureteroscopy and laser lithotripsy for stones >2 cm: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Primary nitinol stenting in femoropopliteal occlusive disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Associations between eNOS polymorphisms and susceptibility to Behcet's disease: a meta-analysis.
Impact of posttraumatic stress disorder on the relationship quality and psychological distress of intimate partners: a meta-analytic review.
Hepatitis B virus infection increases the risk of cholangiocarcinoma: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of the results of randomized controlled trials that compared laparoscopic and open surgery for acute appendicitis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the influence of HER2 expression and amplification in operable oesophageal cancer.
Is resection equivalent to transplantation for early cirrhotic patients with hepatocellular carcinoma? A meta-analysis.
Preference for colonoscopy versus computerized tomographic colonography: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Hyperkalemia of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor  blockers in hemodialysis: a meta-analysis.
Dietary counselling with or without oral nutritional supplements in the management of malnourished patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Influenza vaccination for immunocompromised patients: systematic review and meta-analysis by etiology.
Should rhythm control be preferred in younger atrial fibrillation patients?
[A meta-analysis of chemotherapy related cognitive impairment in patients with breast cancer].
A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials that compared ultrasonic energy and monopolar electrosurgical energy in laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Pre-induction of labour: comparing dinoprostone vaginal insert to repeated prostaglandin administration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Citicoline in pre-clinical animal models of stroke: a meta-analysis shows the optimal neuroprotective profile and the missing steps for jumping into a stroke clinical trial.
Breastfeeding and multiple sclerosis relapses: a meta-analysis.
Pediatric anesthesia and neurodevelopmental impairments: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
The effect of challenge and hindrance stressors on safety behavior and safety outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Posology, efficacy, and safety of epidermal growth factor eye drops in 305 patients: logistic regression and group-wise odds of published data.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of amifostine in the prevention of cisplatin ototoxicity.
Conditioned pain modulation in populations with chronic pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Operative versus nonoperative treatments for Legg-Calvé-Perthes disease: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of systemic amoxicillin/metronidazole as adjunctive therapy to scaling and root planing in the treatment of chronic periodontitis: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
The dynamic role of personality states in mediating the relationship between extraversion and positive affect.
Accuracy and artifact: reexamining the intensity bias in affective forecasting.
Combining patient-level and summary-level data for Alzheimer's disease modeling and simulation: a β regression meta-analysis.
Cigarette smoking and risk of completed suicide: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the cardioprotective effects of remote ischaemic preconditioning in open cardiac surgery.
Effects of physiotherapy interventions on balance in multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Low-dose aspirin for in vitro fertilization or intracytoplasmic sperm injection:  a systematic review and a meta-analysis of the literature.
Safety and efficacy of protease-activated receptor-1 antagonists in patients with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of re-operation, nonunion, and infection after open reduction and internal fixation of patella fractures.
Association between coronary artery disease diagnosed by coronary angiography and breast arterial calcifications on mammography: meta-analysis of the data.
Open versus endovascular stent graft repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Cross-protective efficacy of two human papillomavirus vaccines: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prediction of adolescent sexual reoffending: a meta-analysis of the J-SOAP-II, ERASOR, J-SORRAT-II, and Static-99.
Association between polymorphic sites in thymidylate synthase gene and risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a systematic review and pooled analysis.
Cigarette smoking is associated with a small increase in the incidence of non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a meta-analysis of 24 observational studies.
Is liver transplantation a risk factor for cardiovascular disease? A meta-analysis of observational studies.
ImmuKnow as a diagnostic tool for predicting infection and acute rejection in adult liver transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Living donor liver transplantation versus deceased donor liver transplantation for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Doublet versus single cytotoxic agent as first-line treatment for elderly patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between skin rash and outcome in non-small-cell lung cancer patients treated with anti-EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors: a literature-based meta-analysis of 24 trials.
Association study of IRAK-M and SIGIRR genes with SLE in a large European-descent population.
Comparison of values in critically ill patients for global end-diastolic volume and extravascular lung water measured by transcardiopulmonary thermodilution: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Quantitative assessment of the associations between four polymorphisms (FokI, ApaI, BsmI, TaqI) of vitamin D receptor gene and risk of diabetes mellitus.
Associations of polymorphisms in the β2-adrenergic receptor gene with essential hypertension in Han Chinese population.
Association of the IL-10 polymorphisms and periodontitis: a meta-analysis.
Association of apoE gene expression and its gene polymorphism with nephrotic syndrome susceptibility: a meta-analysis of experimental and human studies.
Association between estrogen receptor alpha c.454-397T>C and c.454-351A>G and ischemic stroke risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of Pro12Ala polymorphism in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma with polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
The impact of E-cadherin expression on non-small cell lung cancer survival: a meta-analysis.
MTHFR C677T polymorphism contributes to colorectal cancer susceptibility: evidence from 61 case-control studies.
XRCC1 gene polymorphisms and lung cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of 44 case-control studies.
Prognostic significance of vascular endothelial growth factor immunohistochemical expression in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Traditional Chinese medicines benefit to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Negative association between androgen receptor gene CAG repeat polymorphism and polycystic ovary syndrome? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Angiotensinogen gene M235T polymorphism and risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Association between manganese superoxide dismutase gene polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 17,842 subjects.
p16 promoter hypermethylation is associated with increased breast cancer risk.
Common variants at 6p21.1 are associated with large artery atherosclerotic stroke.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of incidence, prevalence and outcomes of atrial fibrillation in patients on dialysis.
Hearing feelings: a quantitative meta-analysis on the neuroimaging literature of  emotional prosody perception.
Effect of BDNF val(66)met polymorphism on declarative memory and its neural substrate: a meta-analysis.
Neuropsychological consequences of chronic opioid use: a quantitative review and  meta-analysis.
Neurocircuitry models of posttraumatic stress disorder and beyond: a meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies.
A meta-analysis of cognitive outcome following coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Association of apolipoprotein E epsilon 4 allele with sporadic late onset Alzheimer`s disease. A meta-analysis.
Potential value of dual-time-point ¹⁸F-FDG PET compared with initial single-time-point imaging in differentiating malignant from benign pulmonary nodules: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Folate and risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Effect of calcium intake on fat oxidation in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Progestogens for preterm birth prevention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between time spent outdoors and myopia in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Quantitative sensory testing in painful osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Characteristics of foot structure and footwear associated with hallux valgus: a systematic review.
Impact of image integration on catheter ablation for atrial fibrillation using three-dimensional electroanatomic mapping: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of case-matched studies comparing open and laparoscopic distal pancreatectomy: is it a safe procedure?
Meta-analysis: the placebo rate of abdominal pain remission in clinical trials of chronic pancreatitis.
Role of procalcitonin in the diagnosis of severe infection in pediatric patients  with fever and Neutropenia--a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of nanoparticulate paclitaxel delivery system pharmacokinetics and  model prediction of associated neutropenia.
SCN1A IVS5N+5 polymorphism and response to sodium valproate: a multicenter study.
Infiltration of epinephrine in reduction mammaplasty: a systematic review of the  literature.
Adherence to and efficacy of home exercise programs to prevent falls: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the impact of exercise program characteristics.
5-HTTLPR polymorphism in bulimia nervosa: a multiple-model meta-analysis.
Challenging the public stigma of mental illness: a meta-analysis of outcome studies.
Interleukin-6, C-reactive protein and interleukin-10 after antidepressant treatment in people with depression: a meta-analysis.
The impact of premorbid and postmorbid depression onset on mortality and cardiac  morbidity among patients with coronary heart disease: meta-analysis.
Adjusted indirect comparison of new oral anticoagulants for stroke prevention in  atrial fibrillation.
Local endometrial injury and IVF outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nitric oxide plasma/serum levels in patients with schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Moxibustion for the treatment of osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody for rheumatoid arthritis in a Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Cholecystectomy and the risk of esophageal and gastric cancer.
Further evidence for the association of genetic variants of ZNF804A with schizophrenia and a meta-analysis for genome-wide significance variant rs1344706.
[Association between -590C/T polymorphisms of interleukin-4 gene and chronic periodontitis: a meta-analysis].
Comparative effectiveness of technology-enhanced simulation versus other instructional methods: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sleep disturbance interventions in oncology patients and family caregivers: a comprehensive review and meta-analysis.
Narcolepsy and effectiveness of gamma-hydroxybutyrate (GHB): a systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Psychosocial work stressors as antecedents of musculoskeletal problems: a systematic review and meta-analysis of stability-adjusted longitudinal studies.
Endothelin receptor antagonists for aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis update.
Red meat consumption and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Primary G-CSF prophylaxis for adjuvant TC or FEC-D chemotherapy outside of clinical trial settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of anti-pseudomonal penicillins and carbapenems in pediatric febrile neutropenia.
Meta-analysis of Prolene Hernia System mesh versus Lichtenstein mesh in open inguinal hernia repair.
The effect of continuous positive airway pressure usage on sleepiness in obstructive sleep apnoea: real effects or expectation of benefit?
Lack of association between TLR4 Asp299Gly polymorphism and atherosclerosis: evidence from meta-analysis.
A case-control study provides evidence of association for a common SNP rs974819 in PDGFD to coronary heart disease and suggests a sex-dependent effect.
Lack of evidence for association between factor XIII-A Val34Leu polymorphism and  ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis of 8,800 subjects.
Bone regeneration related to calcium phosphate-coated implants in osteoporotic animal models: a meta-analysis.
Iron deficiency in children with HIV-associated anaemia: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Blood salvage and cancer surgery: a meta-analysis of available studies.
Alemtuzumab induction in renal transplantation: a meta-analysis and systemic review.
Cyclin D1 G870A polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Impact of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) polymorphisms on methotrexate-induced toxicities in acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a meta-analysis.
[Serological determination of protein S100B. Significance in emergency diagnosis  of adults with mild craniocerebral trauma--meta-analysis].
Urgent ureteroscopy as first-line treatment for ureteral stones: a meta-analysis  of 681 patients.
The meta-analysis of the association of PPARG P12A, C161T polymorphism and coronary heart disease.
A meta-analysis of perioperative outcomes of laparoscopic splenectomy for hematological disorders.
Preservation versus division of ilioinguinal nerve on open mesh repair of inguinal hernia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Clinical efficiency of computer-assisted pedicle screw placement versus conventional method: a meta-analysis].
[Effect of 45 degree angle semirecumbent position on ventilator-associated pneumonia in mechanical ventilated patients: a meta-analysis].
[Meta analysis of acupuncture-moxibustion in treatment of irritable bowel syndrome].
[Meta-analysis on efficacy and safety of external use of tradition Chinese medicines and western medicines in treating knee osteoarthritis].
[Study of the relationship between glutathione S-transferase genetic polymorphisms M1 and T1 and susceptibility to primary liver cancer in Chinese: a  meta-analysis].
[Efficacy and safety of telbivudine treatment to block mother-to-child transmission of hepatitis B virus: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis on combined effects of benzene series and noise exposure on hearing].
[Meta-analysis of dapoxetine on demand in the treatment of premature ejaculation].
[The effects and safety of closed versus open tracheal suction system: a meta analysis].
[Laparoscopic colorectomy versus open colorectomy for elderly patients over 80 years old: a meta-analysis of safety and efficacy].
[Systemic review of fast-track surgery in patients undergoing laparoscopic colorectal resection].
[Comparison of the incidence of postoperative ileus following laparoscopic and open radical resection for colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Efficacy comparison between endovascular aneurysm repair versus open surgery for patients with abdominal aortic aneurysms: a meta-analysis].
Parametric coordinate-based meta-analysis: valid effect size meta-analysis of studies with differing statistical thresholds.
Polymorphisms in ERCC1, GSTs, TS and MTHFR predict clinical outcomes of gastric cancer patients treated with platinum/5-Fu-based chemotherapy: a systematic review.
Comparative pulmonary functional recovery after Nuss and Ravitch procedures for pectus excavatum repair: a meta-analysis.
Chinese herbal medicine in treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of maternal carrier status on immunologic markers for protection after hepatitis B vaccination in infancy: a meta-analysis.
Quetiapine monotherapy in acute phase for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Accuracy of single progesterone test to predict early pregnancy outcome in women  with pain or bleeding: meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Effectiveness of intervention on physical activity of children: systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials with objectively measured outcomes (EarlyBird 54).
Lack of an association between TSC gene Arg904Gln polymorphisms and essential hypertension risk based on a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis demonstrates lack of association of the hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism with bladder cancer risk.
Cardiovascular disease risk in healthy children and its association with body mass index: systematic review and meta-analysis.
An examination, with a meta-analysis, of studies of childhood leukaemia in relation to population mixing.
Periprocedural heparin bridging in patients receiving vitamin K antagonists: systematic review and meta-analysis of bleeding and thromboembolic rates.
Meta-analysis of epidemiological studies of association of two polymorphisms in the interleukin-10 gene promoter and colorectal cancer risk.
Association of genetic variants on 8p21 and 4q12 with age-related macular degeneration in Asian populations.
Do changes of 6-minute walk distance predict clinical events in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension? A meta-analysis of 22 randomized trials.
Vitamin D, cognition, and dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endovascular coiling versus neurosurgical clipping in patients with unruptured intracranial aneurysm: a systematic review.
Perioperative and anaesthetic-related mortality in developed and developing countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of Helicobacter pylori cagA EPIYA motif and vacA genotypes for the development of gastrointestinal diseases in Southeast Asian countries: a meta-analysis.
Does intravascular ultrasound provide clinical benefits for percutaneous coronary intervention with bare-metal stent implantation? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Does gemcitabine-based combination therapy improve the prognosis of unresectable  pancreatic cancer?
Effects of fish oil supplementation on inflammatory markers in chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of ground and joint reaction force exercise on lumbar spine and femoral neck bone mineral density in postmenopausal women: a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Incidence of atrial fibrillation and prevalence of intermittent pre-excitation in asymptomatic Wolff-Parkinson-White patients: a meta-analysis.
Utility of intraoperative frozen section histopathology in the diagnosis of periprosthetic joint infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of folate intake on health outcomes in pregnancy: a systematic review and  meta-analysis on birth weight, placental weight and length of gestation.
Yoga for breast cancer patients and survivors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Network-based SNP meta-analysis identifies joint and disjoint genetic features across common human diseases.
Chocolate consumption and risk of stroke: a prospective cohort of men and meta-analysis.
Pre-pregnancy care for women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of effect of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors on cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Hemochromatosis gene (HFE) polymorphisms and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a  meta-analysis.
Adaptive changes of mesenteric arteries in pregnancy: a meta-analysis.
Genetic and functional abnormalities of the melatonin biosynthesis pathway in patients with bipolar disorder.
Association of AGT M235T and ACE I/D polymorphisms with the risk of ischemic stroke: meta-analysis in Han Chinese population.
Integration of HIV/AIDS services with maternal, neonatal and child health, nutrition, and family planning services.
Medical treatment for small abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Magnesium for skeletal muscle cramps.
Polyclonal anti-thymocyte globulins for the prophylaxis of graft-versus-host disease after allogeneic stem cell or bone marrow transplantation in adults.
Cholinesterase inhibitors for mild cognitive impairment.
Topical cyclosporine for atopic keratoconjunctivitis.
Bendamustine for patients with indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies including chronic lymphocytic leukaemia.
Irrigants for non-surgical root canal treatment in mature permanent teeth.
Interventions for mycosis fungoides.
Atypical antipsychotics for disruptive behaviour disorders in children and youths.
Preoperative analgesics for additional pain relief in children and adolescents having dental treatment.
Perioperative glycaemic control for diabetic patients undergoing surgery.
Techniques of intrauterine fetal transfusion for women with red-cell isoimmunisation for improving health outcomes.
Laparoscopy versus laparotomy for the management of early stage endometrial cancer.
N-acetylcysteine for sepsis and systemic inflammatory response in adults.
Whole brain radiation therapy (WBRT) alone versus WBRT and radiosurgery for the treatment of brain metastases.
Systemic interventions for recurrent aphthous stomatitis (mouth ulcers).
Terlipressin for hepatorenal syndrome.
Home safety education and provision of safety equipment for injury prevention.
Late erythropoietin for preventing red blood cell transfusion in preterm and/or low birth weight infants.
Incentive spirometry for preventing pulmonary complications after coronary artery bypass graft.
Hypothermia for neuroprotection in adults after cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
Topical treatments for cutaneous warts.
Voluntary counseling and testing (VCT) for changing HIV-related risk behavior in  developing countries.
Silver acetate for smoking cessation.
Association between omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and risk of major cardiovascular disease events: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of brief alcohol screening intervention for college students (BASICS): a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risks of harms using antifibrinolytics in cardiac surgery: systematic review and  network meta-analysis of randomised and observational studies.
Associations of welding and manganese exposure with Parkinson disease: review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of risk factors for recurrent pulmonary thromboembolism].
Prevention of venous thromboembolism with new oral anticoagulants versus standard pharmacological treatment in acute medically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
No association between IL-1β -511 C/T polymorphism and the risk of duodenal ulcer: a meta-analysis of 4667 subjects.
Association of interleukin-13 SNP rs1800925 with allergic rhinitis risk: a meta-analysis based on 1,411 cases and 3169 controls.
Prevalence and risk of violence against children with disabilities: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Drug-eluting stents increase late mortality compared with coronary artery bypass  grafting in triple-vessel disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled and risk-adjusted observational studies.
The influence of hepatitis B virus on antiviral treatment with interferon and ribavirin in Asian patients with hepatitis C virus/hepatitis B virus coinfection: a meta-analysis.
UMOD as a susceptibility gene for end-stage renal disease.
Impact of total shoulder arthroplasty on generic and shoulder-specific health-related quality-of-life measures: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Risk of malignancies in patients with rheumatoid arthritis treated with biologic  therapy: a meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness and safety of methods of insulin delivery and glucose monitoring for diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and risk of acute lymphoblastic leukemia-evidence from an updated meta-analysis including 35 studies.
Beta-blocker use and COPD mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of thiazolidinediones and the risk of bladder cancer among people with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Performance of the ABCD2 score for stroke risk post TIA: meta-analysis and probability modeling.
Replication and meta-analysis of TMEM132D gene variants in panic disorder.
The effects of telbivudine in late pregnancy to prevent intrauterine transmission of the hepatitis B virus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review with meta-analysis of the epidemiological evidence in the 1900s relating smoking to lung cancer.
Diagnostic accuracy using diffusion tensor imaging in the diagnosis of ALS: a meta-analysis.
Relieving the pruritus of atopic dermatitis: a meta-analysis.
Changes in the serotypes of Hungarian pneumococci isolated mainly from invasive infections: a review of all available data between 1988 and 2011.
Internal jugular vein reflux in patients with transient global amnesia: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Incidence and risk of pulmonary toxicity in patients treated with mTOR inhibitors for malignancy. A meta-analysis of published trials.
Effects of thiazolidinediones on polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Effects on lipid profile of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitors, pioglitazone, acarbose, and sulfonylureas: meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
Efficacy of treatments for orthostatic hypotension: a systematic review.
Social inequalities and gender differences in the experience of alcohol-related problems.
Meta-analysis: sequential therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication in children.
Meta-analysis: esomeprazole or rabeprazole vs. first-generation pump inhibitors in the treatment of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Outcome of patients aged ≥80 years undergoing combined aortic valve replacement and coronary artery bypass grafting: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 40  studies.
Magnesium intake and colorectal tumor risk: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Lifestyle determinants of the drive to eat: a meta-analysis.
The association between complement component 2/complement factor B polymorphisms  and age-related macular degeneration: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
5-aminosalicylic acid is not protective against colorectal cancer in inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis of non-referral populations.
Rapid point-of-care first-line screening tests for hepatitis B infection: a meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy (1980-2010).
Efficacy of statins in combination with interferon therapy in multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Occupational benzene exposure and the risk of chronic myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis of cohort studies incorporating study quality dimensions.
Effect of theophylline on prevention of contrast-induced acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Financial reinforcers for improving medication adherence: findings from a meta-analysis.
Adherence to drugs that prevent cardiovascular disease: meta-analysis on 376,162  patients.
Infants' MTHFR polymorphisms and nonsyndromic orofacial clefts susceptibility: a  meta-analysis based on 17 case-control studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the association between BDNF val(66)met  and hippocampal volume--a genuine effect or a winners curse?
ST waveform analysis versus cardiotocography alone for intrapartum fetal monitoring: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of nonpharmacological interventions for neuropsychiatric symptoms of dementia.
Nasal irrigation as an adjunctive treatment in allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Operative versus nonoperative management of acute Achilles tendon ruptures: a quantitative systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Angiotensinogen gene M235T and T174M polymorphisms and susceptibility of pre-eclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Transforming growth factor β1-509C/T and +869T/C polymorphisms on the risk of upper digestive tract cancer: a meta-analysis based on 10,917 participants.
Comparisons of high-dose and combination nicotine replacement therapy, varenicline, and bupropion for smoking cessation: a systematic review and multiple treatment meta-analysis.
Alcohol drinking and risk of renal cell carcinoma: results of a meta-analysis.
Whole genome and global expression profiling of Dupuytren's disease: systematic review of current findings and future perspectives.
Risk of incident cardiovascular events in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Complete pathologic response after combined modality treatment for rectal cancer  and long-term survival: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative imaging of colorectal liver metastases after neoadjuvant chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Urosdeoxycholic acid in primary sclerosing cholangitis: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of bacterial meningitis score validation studies.
The Bishop Score as a determinant of labour induction success: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular disease prevention using fixed dose pharmacotherapy in Iran: updated meta-analyses and mortality estimation.
Rs11892031[A] on chromosome 2q37 in an intronic region of the UGT1A locus is associated with urinary bladder cancer risk.
ABO blood group and risk of coronary heart disease in two prospective cohort studies.
Use of serum procalcitonin to detect bacterial infection in patients with autoimmune diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Photoselective green-light laser vaporisation vs. TURP for BPH: meta-analysis.
The risks, degree of malignancy and clinical progression of prostate cancer associated with the MDM2 T309G polymorphism: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of intravenous zoledronic acid in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis: a meta-analysis.
Does giving up substance use work for patients with psychosis? A systematic meta-analysis.
FDG-PET for detecting local tumor recurrence of ablated liver metastases: a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Lack of correlation between blood lead and serum prolactin levels among lead exposed workers.
Effects of fluorescent light-guided transurethral resection on non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The contribution of the ABCG2 C421A polymorphism to cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of the current literature.
Effect of statin therapy on the progression of coronary atherosclerosis.
Non-invasive prenatal diagnostic test accuracy for fetal sex using cell-free DNA  a review and meta-analysis.
Homocysteine level and risk of fracture: A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Comparing efficacy of reduced-toxicity allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation with conventional chemo-(immuno) therapy in patients with relapsed or refractory CLL: a Markov decision analysis.
Non-invasive ventilation for weaning, avoiding reintubation after extubation and  in the postoperative period: a meta-analysis.
Mindfulness- and acceptance-based interventions for anxiety disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of exercise on depression severity in older people: systematic review and  meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Radiological staging in patients with hilar cholangiocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of SUV on PET/CT in patients with localised oesophagogastric junction cancer receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy/chemoradiation:a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of wound dressings in the prevention of surgical-site infections in surgical wounds healing by primary intention.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of vein cuffs for below-knee synthetic bypass.
Risk of rash with the anti-HER2 dimerization antibody pertuzumab: a meta-analysis.
Mortality, leukemic risk, and cardiovascular toxicity of adjuvant anthracycline and taxane chemotherapy in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Assessment accuracy of core needle biopsy for hormone receptors in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Proportion and risk indicators of nonadherence to statin therapy: a meta-analysis.
Mammographic screening and breast cancer mortality: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
The TMPRSS2:ERG rearrangement, ERG expression, and prostate cancer outcomes: a cohort study and meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of cilnidipine on mild to moderate essential hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in Chinese patients.
Single-agent maintenance therapy in non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and adjusted indirect comparison meta-analysis of oral anticoagulants in atrial fibrillation.
Association of obstructive sleep apnea with risk of serious cardiovascular events: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcome and complications after implantable cardioverter defibrillator therapy in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of practices to reduce blood sample hemolysis in EDs: a laboratory  medicine best practices systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of automated notification and customer service call centers for timely and accurate reporting of critical values: a laboratory medicine best practices systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of barcoding for reducing patient specimen and laboratory testing identification errors: a Laboratory Medicine Best Practices systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of practices to reduce blood culture contamination: a Laboratory Medicine Best Practices systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rapid urinary trypsinogen-2 test in the early diagnosis of acute pancreatitis: a  meta-analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor pathway polymorphisms as prognostic and pharmacogenetic factors in cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serum total adiponectin level and risk of cardiovascular disease in Han Chinese populations: a meta-analysis of 17 case-control studies.
Risk of malignancy including non-melanoma skin cancers with anti-tumor necrosis factor therapy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: meta-analysis of registries and systematic review of long-term extension studies.
Genetic polymorphism of glutathione S-transferase T1 and the risk of rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
The prevalence and diagnostic utility of endoscopic features of eosinophilic esophagitis: a meta-analysis.
Procalcitonin to guide initiation and duration of antibiotic treatment in acute respiratory infections: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
FDG PET or PET/CT for detecting intramedullary and extramedullary lesions in multiple Myeloma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do femoral or salter innominate osteotomies improve femoral head sphericity in Legg-Calvé-Perthes disease? A meta-analysis.
Longitudinal model-based meta-analysis in rheumatoid arthritis: an application toward model-based drug development.
Body weight and metabolic adverse effects of asenapine, iloperidone, lurasidone and paliperidone in the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: a systematic review and exploratory meta-analysis.
Is inferior mesenteric artery ligation during sigmoid colectomy for diverticular  disease associated with increased anastomotic leakage? A meta-analysis of randomized and non-randomized clinical trials.
Diagnostic tools used to predict the prevalence of supernumerary teeth: a meta-analysis.
Ethnic differences in weight loss and diabetes remission after bariatric surgery: a meta-analysis.
The impact of effective continuous positive airway pressure on homeostasis model  assessment insulin resistance in non-diabetic patients with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea.
Effect of antidiabetic agents added to metformin on glycaemic control, hypoglycaemia and weight change in patients with type 2 diabetes: a network meta-analysis.
Association of the PTPN22 gene (+1858C/T, -1123G/C) polymorphisms with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
SNP in the genome-wide association study hotspot on chromosome 9p21 confers susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetes.
Risk association between the NF-κB1 -94ins/delATTG promoter polymorphism and inflammatory bowel diseases: a meta-analysis.
Vinyl chloride exposure and cirrhosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Can vaccination against pneumococci prevent otitis media with effusion?
A meta-analysis of left ventricular dyssynchrony assessment and prediction of response to cardiac resynchronization therapy by three-dimensional echocardiography.
MC1R, SLC45A2 and TYR genetic variants involved in melanoma susceptibility in southern European populations: results from a meta-analysis.
Excess body weight and the risk of primary liver cancer: an updated meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Population attributable risk of aflatoxin-related liver cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prediagnosis lifestyle exposures and survival of patients with gastric cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
NAD(P)H quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) genetic C609T polymorphism is associated  with the risk of digestive tract cancer: a meta-analysis based on 21 case-control studies.
Risk of development of acute pancreatitis with pre-existing diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Anti-infliximab antibodies in inflammatory bowel disease: prevalence, infusion reactions, immunosuppression and response, a meta-analysis.
Intensive versus conventional glucose control in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
IV Valproate in generalized convulsive status epilepticus: a systematic review.
Association of endometriosis risk and genetic polymorphisms involving biosynthesis of sex steroids and their receptors: an updating meta-analysis.
MR-spectroscopy at 1.5 tesla and 3 tesla. Useful? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical value of FDG PET or PET/CT in urinary bladder cancer: a systemic review  and meta-analysis.
18F-FDG PET or PET/CT for detecting extrahepatic metastases or recurrent hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of statin therapy on abdominal aortic aneurysm growth: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of observational comparative studies.
The European Society for Vascular Surgery guidelines for carotid intervention: an updated independent assessment and literature review.
Diagnostic performance of stress myocardial perfusion imaging for coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reveals new lung adenocarcinoma cancer genes based on gene expression.
Balloon kyphoplasty versus percutaneous vertebroplasty in treating osteoporotic vertebral compression fracture: grading the evidence through a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of perioperative outcomes and complications after robot-assisted radical prostatectomy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of studies reporting urinary continence recovery after robot-assisted radical prostatectomy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of studies reporting oncologic outcome after  robot-assisted radical prostatectomy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of studies reporting potency rates after robot-assisted radical prostatectomy.
Comparing tolerability profile of quetiapine, risperidone, aripiprazole and ziprasidone in schizophrenia and affective disorders: a meta-analysis.
Retrolective studies on the survival of cancer patients treated with mistletoe extracts: a meta-analysis.
The IL-10 promoter haplotype and cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Is early age at menarche a risk factor for endometriosis? A systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation in patients with coronary heart disease: meta-analysis outcomes revisited.
Should torsemide be the loop diuretic of choice in systolic heart failure?
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the utility of EUS for preoperative staging for gastric cancer.
A meta-analysis of D1 versus D2 lymph node dissection.
How useful is preoperative imaging for tumor, node, metastasis (TNM) staging of gastric cancer? A meta-analysis.
Follicle stimulating hormone receptor G-29A, 919A>G, 2039A>G polymorphism and the risk of male infertility: a meta-analysis.
Association of celiac disease genes with inflammatory bowel disease in Finnish and Swedish patients.
Associations between TNFAIP3 gene polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Epidermal growth factor 61A>G polymorphism is associated with risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
A new prognostic index model using meta-analysis in early-stage epithelial ovarian cancer.
The costs of repression: a meta-analysis on the relation between repressive coping and somatic diseases.
Remote ischaemic preconditioning in coronary artery bypass surgery: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic significance of premature ventricular complexes in adults without  clinically apparent heart disease: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on laparoscopic gastrectomy vs. open gastrectomy for distal gastric cancer.
Defunctioning stoma in low anterior resection for rectal cancer: a meta- analysis of five recent studies.
Laparoscopic vs. open cholecystectomy for cirrhotic patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relative risk of cardiovascular disease among people living with HIV: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of outcomes of transplantation and resection in patients with early hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Large scale international replication and meta-analysis study confirms association of the 15q14 locus with myopia. The CREAM consortium.
Association of MIF-173G/C and MBL2 codon 54 gene polymorphisms with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Association between interleukin-10 gene -592 C/A polymorphism and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of 5320 subjects.
Obstetric and perinatal outcomes in singleton pregnancies resulting from IVF/ICSI: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Automated oscillometric determination of the ankle-brachial index: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations between PXK and TYK2 polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of predictive factors and outcomes for failure of non-operative management of blunt splenic trauma.
Epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy is effective as first-line treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer with mutated EGFR: A meta-analysis from six phase III randomized controlled trials.
Population pharmacokinetic meta-analysis of intranasal fentanyl spray as a means  to enrich pharmacokinetic information for patients with cancer breakthrough pain.
Limitations of model based dose selection for indacaterol in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Ramelteon in the treatment of chronic insomnia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prevalence of depressive symptoms among the older in China: a meta-analysis.
Robotic assistance may reduce conversion to open in rectal carcinoma laparoscopic surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene in suicidal behaviour: a meta-analysis.
The safety of early versus late ambulation in the management of patients after percutaneous coronary interventions: a meta-analysis.
Indirect costs in patients with coronary artery disease and mental disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hydroxyapatite-coated oral implants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of reirradiation for painful bone metastases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between C-reactive protein and cognitive deficits in elderly men and  women: a meta-analysis.
Intravesical treatment of painful bladder syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of plethysmographic indices as predictors of fluid responsiveness in mechanically ventilated adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does differential drop-out explain the influence of study design on antidepressant response? A meta-analysis.
The risk of nail changes with epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
The use of enamel matrix derivative alone versus in combination with bone grafts  to treat patients with periodontal intrabony defects: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of flexor tendon transfer for the correction of lesser toe deformities.
Cemented all-polyethylene acetabular implants vs other forms of acetabular fixation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Associations of ACE I/D, AGT M235T gene polymorphisms with pregnancy induced hypertension in Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Laser acupuncture for the treatment of asthma in children: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic accuracy of endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine-needle aspiration for solid pancreatic lesion: a systematic review.
Role of the functional MKK4 promoter variant (-1304T>G) in a decreased risk of prostate cancer: case-control study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and risk of colorectal cancer based on case--control studies.
Influenza vaccination and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality: analysis of 292,383 patients.
Apixaban and rivaroxaban safety after hip and knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic reduction of angiographic vasospasm in experimental subarachnoid hemorrhage: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of excision of ovarian endometrioma on ovarian reserve: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Application of the systematic review and bibliometric network analysis (SeBriNA)  methodology contextualizes evidence. Part 2: rituximab for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Meta-analysis of sleep disturbance and suicidal thoughts and behaviors.
Cognitive-behavioral and pharmacological interventions for premenstrual syndrome  or premenstrual dysphoric disorder: a meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis of the efficacy of inhaled antibiotics for chronic Pseudomonas infections in cystic fibrosis.
Tilted implants in the immediate loading rehabilitation of the maxilla: a systematic review.
Alcohol consumption and psoriatic risk: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Prevalence of periapical radiolucency and root canal treatment: a systematic review of cross-sectional studies.
Photoselective vaporization versus transurethral resection of the prostate for benign prostatic hyperplasia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of prospective randomized studies comparing single-incision laparoscopic cholecystectomy (SILC) and conventional multiport laparoscopic cholecystectomy (CMLC).
Follow-up study of the first genome-wide association scan in alopecia areata: IL13 and KIAA0350 as susceptibility loci supported with genome-wide significance.
Laparoscopic versus open total mesorectal excision for middle and low rectal cancer: a meta-analysis of results of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of transperitoneal versus retroperitoneal approaches of laparoscopic pyeloplasty for ureteropelvic junction obstruction.
Single-bundle versus double-bundle anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a meta-analysis.
PKNOX2 is associated with formal thought disorder in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies.
Diffusion tensor imaging studies of mild traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis.
DNA copy number alterations in central primitive neuroectodermal tumors and tumors of the pineal region: an international individual patient data meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between the interleukin-1A -889C/T polymorphism  and Alzheimer's disease.
Decompressive craniectomy: a meta-analysis of influences on intracranial pressure and cerebral perfusion pressure in the treatment of traumatic brain injury.
The ability of clinical tests to diagnose stress fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adjuvant use of intravenous immunoglobulin in the treatment of neonatal sepsis: a systematic review with a meta-analysis.
Association between vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and periodontitis: a meta-analysis.
Smaller hippocampal volumes in patients with bipolar disorder are masked by exposure to lithium: a meta-analysis.
Music interventions and physical activity in older adults: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
AGT M235T polymorphism contributes to risk of preeclampsia: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme I/D polymorphism is not associated with type 2 diabetes in a Chinese population.
The effect of ankle taping or bracing on proprioception in functional ankle instability: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does current scientific and clinical evidence support the use of phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors for the treatment of premature ejaculation? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of the clinicopathological characteristics of young and elderly patients with gastric carcinoma: a meta analysis.
Heat-sensitive moxibustion for lumbar disc herniation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Acetazolamide for the prevention of acute mountain sickness--a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Preoperative statin therapy is not associated with biochemical recurrence after radical prostatectomy: our experience and meta-analysis.
Impact of hepatitis C on survival in dialysis patients: a link with cardiovascular mortality?
Diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for surgery-related pressure ulcers: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of rituximab therapy for systemic lupus erythematosus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Current status of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Japan: a literature review and meta-analysis].
Transfusion drains versus suction drains in total knee replacement: meta-analysis.
The effect of tranexamic acid on blood loss and use of blood products in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Autologous chondrocyte implantation for the treatment of chondral and osteochondral defects of the talus: a meta-analysis of available evidence.
Effectiveness and safety of drotrecogin alfa (activated) for severe sepsis: a meta-analysis and metaregression.
Ovarian cancer and smoking: individual participant meta-analysis including 28,114 women with ovarian cancer from 51 epidemiological studies.
Clinical assessment of pediatric obstructive sleep apnea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Extracapsular dissection for benign parotid tumors: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of whole body positron emission tomography (PET)/PET-computed tomography and conventional anatomic imaging for detecting distant malignancies in patients with head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
[Local recurrence of CO2 laser surgery for patients with early glottic carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Diagnostic value of serum anti-C1q antibodies in patients with lupus nephritis: a meta-analysis.
Effects of psychological interventions for patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
BRAF mutation in papillary thyroid cancer and its value in tailoring initial treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
1H-MRS in autism spectrum disorders: a systematic meta-analysis.
CYP1B1 Asn453Ser polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between cytokine gene polymorphisms and systemic sclerosis.
Evolutionary meta-analysis of association studies reveals ancient constraints affecting disease marker discovery.
Correlation between serum CA724 and gastric cancer: multiple analyses based on Chinese population.
Role of NQO1 609C>T and NQO2 -3423G>A gene polymorphisms in esophageal cancer risk in Kashmir valley and meta analysis.
Individual and combined effects of MDM2 SNP309 and TP53 Arg72Pro on breast cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis.
GSTT1 null genotype contributes to coronary heart disease risk: a meta-analysis.
CTLA-4 polymorphisms and susceptibility to Behcet's disease: a meta-analysis.
NAT2 polymorphisms with oral carcinoma susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between CTLA-4 exon-1 +49A/G polymorphism and systemic lupus erythematosus: an updated analysis.
Association of interleukin 23 receptor gene polymorphisms (rs10489629, rs7517847) with rheumatoid arthritis in European population: a meta-analysis.
Association between the G-protein β3 subunit C825T polymorphism with essential hypertension: a meta-analysis in Han Chinese population.
Association of STAT4 rs7574865 polymorphism with autoimmune diseases: a meta-analysis.
Common polymorphisms (rs2241766 and rs1501299) in the ADIPOQ gene are not associated with hypertension susceptibility among the Chinese.
Lack of association between miR-149 C>T polymorphism and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on 4,677 cases and 4,830 controls.
Polymorphisms in the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 gene and acute rejection risk in transplant recipients.
Association between genetic variants in glutathione peroxidase 1 gene and risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Time-patterns of annualized relapse rates in randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials in relapsing multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CASP8 -652 6N del polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 30 case-control studies in 50,112 subjects.
Large-scale association analysis provides insights into the genetic architecture  and pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes.
Music therapy research in the NICU: an updated meta-analysis.
Determination of hemispheric language dominance in the surgical epilepsy patient: diagnostic properties of functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Looking at the brains behind figurative language--a quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies on metaphor, idiom, and irony processing.
Free-viewing laterality tasks: a multilevel meta-analysis.
Electrophysiological indices of biased cognitive processing of substance-related  cues: a meta-analysis.
Tight glycemic control reduces infection and improves neurological outcome in critically ill neurosurgical and neurological patients.
Comparison of the effects of different statins and doses on lipid levels in patients with diabetes: results from VOYAGER.
Bariatric surgery is effective and safe in patients over 55: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Suprapubic compared with transurethral bladder catheterization for gynecologic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immediate compared with delayed pushing in the second stage of labor: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Heritability and genome-wide association study to assess genetic differences between advanced age-related macular degeneration subtypes.
Is E-cadherin immunoexpression a prognostic factor for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC)? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of thermal and athermal short-wave diathermy for the management of  knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of continuous positive airway pressure on C-reactive protein levels in sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Cardiac contractility modulation for heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Short-term therapeutic role of zinc in children < 5 years of age hospitalised for severe acute lower respiratory tract infection.
Childhood asthma management guided by repeated FeNO measurements: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of EUS elastography in differentiation of benign and malignant solid pancreatic masses: a meta-analysis.
Exposure to farming environments in childhood and asthma and wheeze in rural populations: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Preterm birth and body composition at term equivalent age: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of zero-balance ultrafiltration on postoperative recovery after cardiopulmonary bypass: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Catechol-O-methyltransferase gene polymorphism and chronic human pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of therapeutic doses of acetaminophen (up to 4 g/day) on serum alanine aminotransferase levels in subjects consuming ethanol: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparative effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparins versus other anticoagulants in major orthopedic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
First trimester screening of maternal placental protein 13 for predicting preeclampsia and small for gestational age: in-house study and systematic review.
New susceptibility loci associated with kidney disease in type 1 diabetes.
The combined effects of healthy lifestyle behaviors on all cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MTHFR polymorphism and the risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Body mass index and risk of BPH: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of expectancy challenge interventions to reduce college student drinking: a meta-analytic review.
Gender differences in self-conscious emotional experience: a meta-analysis.
Regulatory focus and work-related outcomes: a review and meta-analysis.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of major depression: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of psychotic symptoms in childhood and adolescence: a systematic review and meta-analysis of population-based studies.
A meta-analysis of psychodynamic psychotherapy outcomes: evaluating the effects of research-specific procedures.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic performance of imaging in acute cholecystitis.
Increased treatment-related mortality with additional cisplatin-based chemotherapy in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma treated with standard radiotherapy.
Impact of obesity on reproductive outcomes after ovarian ablative therapy in PCOS: a collaborative meta-analysis.
Relationship between varicocele and sperm DNA damage and the effect of varicocele repair: a meta-analysis.
Breathing exercises in upper abdominal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Peri-operative management of disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs: recommendations based on a meta-analysis].
Trans-septal suturing technique in septoplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Social cognitive training for schizophrenia: a meta-analytic investigation of controlled research.
Pharmacological augmentation strategies for schizophrenia patients with insufficient response to clozapine: a quantitative literature review.
Antipsychotics, dopamine D₂ receptor occupancy and clinical improvement in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
The COMT Met158 allele and violence in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Acute and maintenance effects of non-pharmacologic interventions for antipsychotic associated weight gain and metabolic abnormalities: a meta-analytic comparison of randomized controlled trials.
Intimate partner violence against adult women and its association with major depressive disorder, depressive symptoms and postpartum depression: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of outcome after ischemic stroke due to anterior circulation occlusion treated with intravenous, intra-arterial, or combined intravenous+intra-arterial thrombolysis.
Spectrum of transient focal neurological episodes in cerebral amyloid angiopathy: multicentre magnetic resonance imaging cohort study and meta-analysis.
Evidence to support the use of laparoscopic over open appendicectomy for obese individuals: a meta-analysis.
(18)FDG-PET/CT for detection of mediastinal nodal metastasis in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Indications for sentinel lymph node biopsy in multifocal and multicentric breast  cancer.
The rs11833579 and rs12425791 polymorphisms and risk of ischemic stroke in an Asian population: a meta-analysis.
Association of tissue plasminogen activator and plasminogen activator inhibitor polymorphism with myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Perinatal outcome in women treated with progesterone for the prevention of preterm birth: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of tramadol for premature ejaculation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of antiviral treatments for HBeAg-positive chronic hepatitis B in Canada.
[Genetic polymorphisms of ADH1B and ALDH-2 associated with risk of esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis].
Intensive insulin therapy in severe acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Association of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) G894T polymorphism with high altitude pulmonary edema susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
The false-negative rate of sentinel node biopsy in patients with breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Gallstones are associated with colonic adenoma: a meta-analysis.
[Association of cytotoxic T lymphocyte-associated antigen-4+49A/G polymorphism with childhood type 1 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis].
[Effect of amifostine on locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients treated with radiotherapy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
[Systematic review of Shuxuetong injection for progressive ischaemic stroke].
[Meta-analysis of Dengzhanxixin injection treatment for unstable angina pectoris].
[Meta-analysis of Shenmai injection treatment for acute myocardial infarction].
[Meta-analysis on impact of Danshen on liver regeneration in rats].
[Therapeutic effect of metformin for clomiphene-resistant infertility patients with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic analysis].
[Association of the xeroderma pigmentosum group D DNA repair gene with hepatocellular carcinoma].
[Relationship between body mass index and all-cause mortality in hemodialysis patients: a meta-analysis].
[Unilateral versus bilateral pedicle screw fixation in lumbar spinal fusion: a meta-analysis of available evidence].
Association between insertion/deletion polymorphism in angiotensin-converting enzyme gene and acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis confirms that a common G/C variant in the pre-miR-146a gene contributes to cancer susceptibility and that ethnicity, gender and smoking status are risk factors.
Meta-analysis of 2040 sickle cell anemia patients: BCL11A and HBS1L-MYB are the major modifiers of HbF in African Americans.
Effect of systemic steroids on post-tonsillectomy bleeding and reinterventions: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Risk of stroke with coronary artery bypass graft surgery compared with percutaneous coronary intervention.
Effectiveness of rifaximin and fluoroquinolones in preventing travelers' diarrhea (TD): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tea consumption and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of Endostar (rh-endostatin) combined with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone for treating advanced non-small cell lung  cancer.
A meta-analysis of effects of prosthesis-patient mismatch after aortic valve replacement on late mortality.
Lipid-modifying therapies and risk of pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Common carotid intima-media thickness measurements in cardiovascular risk prediction: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the influence of Parkin p.Asp394Asn variant on the susceptibility of Parkinson's disease.
Benefits and harms of statin therapy for persons with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lipid-lowering therapy in persons with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preventive physiotherapy interventions for back care in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Histamine H2 receptor antagonists for decreasing gastrointestinal harms in adults using acetylsalicylic acid: systematic review and meta-analysis.
X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 polymorphisms and hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
The price we pay for progress: a meta-analysis of harms of newly approved anticancer drugs.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on the efficacy of thoracic epidural anesthesia in preventing atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Regulatory T cells are the most important determinant factor of hepatitis B infection prognosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
EGFR gene copy number as a predictive biomarker for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer with anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of surgical resection and radiofrequency ablation for early hepatocellular carcinoma.
Meta-analysis of cardiovascular outcomes with dronedarone in patients with atrial fibrillation or heart failure.
Meta-analysis comparing bivalirudin versus heparin monotherapy on ischemic and bleeding outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention.
Meta-analysis of cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphism and risk of adverse clinical outcomes among coronary artery disease patients of different ethnic groups treated with clopidogrel.
Identification of novel germline polymorphisms governing capecitabine sensitivity.
Steroidal contraceptives and bone fractures in women: evidence from observational studies.
Interventions for tobacco use prevention in Indigenous youth.
Antispasmodics for labour.
Non-resection versus resection for an asymptomatic primary tumour in patients with unresectable stage IV colorectal cancer.
Effect of cocoa on blood pressure.
Ergonomic design and training for preventing work-related musculoskeletal disorders of the upper limb and neck in adults.
Surgical versus conservative interventions for treating ankle fractures in adults.
Corticosteroids for the common cold.
Mifepristone for uterine fibroids.
Interactive computer-based interventions for weight loss or weight maintenance in overweight or obese people.
Traditional birth attendant training for improving health behaviours and pregnancy outcomes.
Vaccines for preventing influenza in healthy children.
Banding ligation versus beta-blockers for primary prevention in oesophageal varices in adults.
Physiotherapy versus placebo or no intervention in Parkinson's disease.
Ivermectin for onchocercal eye disease (river blindness).
Minocycline for acne vulgaris: efficacy and safety.
Education for contraceptive use by women after childbirth.
Interventions for emergency contraception.
Hormone therapy in postmenopausal women and risk of endometrial hyperplasia.
Correlation between TGF-β1-509 C>T polymorphism and risk of digestive tract cancer in a meta-analysis for 21,196 participants.
Sodium oxybate for narcolepsy with cataplexy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of an association between Paraoxonase 1 gene polymorphisms (Q192R, L55M) and Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Vasopressin and terlipressin in adult vasodilatory shock: a systematic review and meta-analysis of nine randomized controlled trials.
Antiplatelets vs anticoagulation for dissection: CADISS nonrandomized arm and meta-analysis.
Reduction of N-acetylaspartate in the medial prefrontal cortex correlated with symptom severity in obsessive-compulsive disorder: meta-analyses of (1)H-MRS studies.
Faecal pyruvate kinase isoenzyme type M2 for colorectal cancer screening: a meta-analysis.
Expression of CK-19, galectin-3 and HBME-1 in the differentiation of thyroid lesions: systematic review and diagnostic meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis demonstrates that the NAD(P)H: quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) gene 609 C>T polymorphism is associated with increased gastric cancer risk in Asians.
Meta analysis of angiotensin-converting enzyme I/D polymorphism as a risk factor  for preeclampsia in Chinese women.
The effects of lowering LDL cholesterol with statin therapy in people at low risk of vascular disease: meta-analysis of individual data from 27 randomised trials.
Outcomes with various drug eluting or bare metal stents in patients with diabetes mellitus: mixed treatment comparison analysis of 22,844 patient years of follow-up from randomised trials.
Coronary heart disease in primary care: accuracy of medical history and physical  findings in patients with chest pain--a study protocol for a systematic review with individual patient data.
Effects of atorvastatin on carotid intima media thickness: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Viscosupplementation for osteoarthritis of the knee: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of the STRATIFY clinical prediction rule for falls: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Structural brain changes in First Episode Schizophrenia compared with Fronto-Temporal Lobar Degeneration: a meta-analysis.
Assessing the risk of venous thromboembolic events in women taking progestin-only contraception: a meta-analysis.
The prognosis of acute and persistent low-back pain: a meta-analysis.
Serotonin transporter genotype 5HTTLPR as a marker of differential susceptibility? A meta-analysis of child and adolescent gene-by-environment studies.
Physiotherapy intervention in Parkinson's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hemofiltration compared to hemodialysis for acute kidney injury: systematic review and meta-analysis.
An association between hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and the risk of bladder cancer in non-smokers: a meta-analysis.
Vasopressors for the management of hypotension after spinal anesthesia for elective caesarean section. Systematic review and cumulative meta-analysis.
Bayesian enhanced meta-analysis of post-operative analgesic efficacy of additives for caudal analgesia in children.
Genetic polymorphisms in the estrogen receptor-α gene and the risk of endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Propranolol is an effective treatment for airway haemangiomas: a critical analysis and meta-analysis of published interventional studies.
Meta-analysis of gender differences in efficacy outcomes for HIV-positive subjects in randomized controlled clinical trials of antiretroviral therapy (2000-2008).
Meta-analysis: the impact of IL28B polymorphisms on rapid and sustained virological response in HCV-2 and -3 patients.
Is there an association between aspirin dosing and cardiac and bleeding events after treatment of acute coronary syndrome? A systematic review of the literature.
Meta-analysis of accuracy of left ventricular mass measurement by three-dimensional echocardiography.
Meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of new oral anticoagulants (dabigatran, rivaroxaban, apixaban) versus warfarin in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials of angioedema as an adverse event of renin-angiotensin system inhibitors.
Tolerability of angiotensin-receptor blockers in patients with intolerance to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary compared with blood concentrations of carotenoids and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Parenteral lipid administration to very-low-birth-weight infants--early introduction of lipids and use of new lipid emulsions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body mass index category as a risk factor for colorectal adenomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of cap-assisted colonoscopy in polyp detection and cecal intubation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Laryngeal cancer and silica dust exposure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early administration of low-dose aspirin for the prevention of severe and mild preeclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Differential effects of exercise on cancer-related fatigue during and following treatment: a meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of collaborative chronic care models for mental health  conditions across primary, specialty, and behavioral health care settings: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of complications and failures associated with medial patellofemoral ligament reconstruction for recurrent patellar dislocation.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of electrocautery versus scalpel for surgical skin incisions.
Laparoscopic or open liver resection? Let systematic review decide it.
The prevention of chronic postsurgical pain using gabapentin and pregabalin: a combined systematic review and meta-analysis.
Second-generation antipsychotic use in schizophrenia and associated weight gain:  a critical review and meta-analysis of behavioral and pharmacologic treatments.
History of cholelithiasis and cancer risk in a network of case-control studies.
Comparative effectiveness and safety of biological treatment options after tumour necrosis factor α inhibitor failure in rheumatoid arthritis: systematic review and indirect pairwise meta-analysis.
Effects of allogeneic red blood cell transfusions on clinical outcomes in patients undergoing colorectal cancer surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safe and early discharge after colorectal surgery due to C-reactive protein: a diagnostic meta-analysis of 1832 patients.
Durability of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery: a meta-regression study.
Addition of vandetanib to chemotherapy in advanced solid cancers: a meta-analysis.
Dexamethasone plus somatostatin-analog manipulation as bone metastasis microenvironment-targeting therapy for the treatment of castration-resistant prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of uncontrolled studies.
Detection of human papillomavirus in lung cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of antibiotic MIC on infection outcome in patients with susceptible Gram-negative bacteria: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Smoking and the risk of nonmelanoma skin cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Increased genetic vulnerability to smoking at CHRNA5 in early-onset smokers.
The nature of dopamine dysfunction in schizophrenia and what this means for treatment.
The -444A/C polymorphism in the LTC4S gene and the risk of asthma: a meta-analysis.
Evidence to support the use of minimally invasive esophagectomy for esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Inspiratory muscle training in patients with heart failure: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Genome-wide association analysis of juvenile idiopathic arthritis identifies a new susceptibility locus at chromosomal region 3q13.
Centrifugal pump and roller pump in adult cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Glycemic load, glycemic index and risk of cardiovascular diseases: meta-analyses  of prospective studies.
Val247Leu β2-glycoprotein-I allelic variant is associated with antiphospholipid syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hyaluronic acid in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and  meta-analysis with emphasis on the efficacy of different products.
A meta-analysis of unrelated donor umbilical cord blood transplantation versus unrelated donor bone marrow transplantation in acute leukemia patients.
Brain glutamate levels measured by magnetic resonance spectroscopy in patients with bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of pharmacotherapy for smoking cessation among pregnant smokers: a meta-analysis.
Cryoablation vs radiofrequency ablation for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis of case series studies.
The efficacy of intravenous immunoglobulin for the treatment of toxic epidermal necrolysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rituximab before splenectomy in adults with primary idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis to determine the effect of anticoagulation on mortality in patients with blunt head trauma.
Association of fish and n-3 fatty acid intake with the risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
'Catalytic' doses of fructose may benefit glycaemic control without harming cardiometabolic risk factors: a small meta-analysis of randomised controlled feeding trials.
Homocysteine-lowering therapy does not lead to reduction in cardiovascular outcomes in chronic kidney disease patients: a meta-analysis of randomised, controlled trials.
Clinical recognition and recording of alcohol disorders by clinicians in primary  and secondary care: meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of outcomes after intraoperative pancreatic duct stent placement during pancreaticoduodenectomy.
Lack of association of ADH1C genotype with breast cancer susceptibility in Caucasian population: a pooled analysis of case-control studies.
Statin use and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Can diffusion-weighted MR imaging and contrast-enhanced MR imaging precisely evaluate and predict pathological response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with breast cancer?
Accuracy of quantitative ultrasound elastography for differentiation of malignant and benign breast abnormalities: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, and HER2 status between core needle and open excision biopsy in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Docetaxel-containing adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with early stage breast cancer. Consistency of effect independent of nodal and biomarker status: a meta-analysis of 14 randomized clinical trials.
Effects of condom social marketing on condom use in developing countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis, 1990-2010.
Transversus abdominis plane block for analgesia after Cesarean delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Management of chest tubes after pulmonary resection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Late toxicity rates following definitive radiotherapy for prostate cancer.
Height and pancreatic cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Gastrectomy and risk of pancreatic cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Cetuximab in the first-line treatment of K-ras wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer: the choice and schedule of fluoropyrimidine matters.
The association between UGT1A7 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Xanthine oxidase inhibition for the treatment of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intrapleural fibrinolytic therapy for treatment of adult parapneumonic effusions  and empyemas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of guided bronchoscopy for the evaluation of the pulmonary nodule.
Outcomes of Chiari I-associated scoliosis after intervention: a meta-analysis of  the pediatric literature.
A meta-analytic review of ERCC1/MDR1 polymorphism and chemosensitivity to platinum in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Percutaneous coronary intervention versus optimal medical therapy in stable coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Paclitaxel-coated versus uncoated balloon angioplasty reduces target lesion revascularization in patients with femoropopliteal arterial disease: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Bisphosphonate use and the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of published literature.
EZH2-regulated DAB2IP is a medulloblastoma tumor suppressor and a positive marker for survival.
Fidaxomicin versus vancomycin for Clostridium difficile infection: meta-analysis  of pivotal randomized controlled trials.
Is the gram stain useful in the microbiologic diagnosis of VAP? A meta-analysis.
Macrolide-based regimens and mortality in hospitalized patients with community-acquired pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Imbalanced mortality evidence for tigecycline: 2011, the year of the meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of B vitamin supplementation on plasma homocysteine, cardiovascular and all-cause mortality.
Habitual salt intake and risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Gefitinib compared with systemic chemotherapy as first-line treatment for chemotherapy-naive patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Total hip arthroplasty versus hemiarthroplasty for displaced femoral neck fractures: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of imagery rehearsal for post-trauma nightmares: effects on nightmare frequency, sleep quality, and posttraumatic stress.
Exploring compassion: a meta-analysis of the association between self-compassion  and psychopathology.
Outreach with street-involved youth: a quantitative and qualitative review of the literature.
Depressive realism: a meta-analytic review.
High salt intake and stroke: meta-analysis of the epidemiologic evidence.
Is laparoscopic right colectomy more effective than open resection? A meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized studies.
The efficacy of Chinese herbal medicine as an adjunctive therapy for colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The D/I polymorphism in the angiotensin-converting enzyme gene and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of computed tomography in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The risk of catheter-related bloodstream infection with femoral venous catheters  as compared to subclavian and internal jugular venous catheters: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Intravitreal ranibizumab (lucentis) for the treatment of diabetic macular edema:  a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical control trials.
Systematic review of lapatinib in combination with letrozole compared with other  first-line treatments for hormone receptor positive(HR+) and HER2+ advanced or metastatic breast cancer(MBC).
Interleukin-4 rs2243250 polymorphism is associated with asthma among Caucasians and related to atopic asthma.
CYP1A1 MspI polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis involving 20,209 subjects.
Death anxiety in persons with HIV/AIDS: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on glycaemic control and insulin resistance:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association testing of previously reported variants in a large case-control meta-analysis of diabetic nephropathy.
Glycaemic efficacy of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors as add-on therapy to metformin in subjects with type 2 diabetes-a review and meta analysis.
The effect of linagliptin on glycaemic control and tolerability in patients with  type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) versus coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) in the treatment of diabetic patients with multi-vessel coronary disease:  a meta-analysis.
Circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration and the risk of type 2 diabetes: results from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC)-Norfolk cohort and updated meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Helicobacter pylori infection increases the risk of colorectal adenomas: cross-sectional study and meta-analysis.
Single-incision versus conventional laparoscopy for colorectal disease: a meta-analysis.
Is K-ras gene mutation a prognostic factor for colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: risk of esophageal adenocarcinoma with medications which relax the lower esophageal sphincter.
Clinicopathological and prognostic role of cyclin D1 in esophageal squamous cell  carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
ANAPC1 and SLCO3A1 are associated with nicotine dependence: meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Diagnostic performance of Gallium-68 somatostatin receptor PET and PET/CT in patients with thoracic and gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumours: a meta-analysis.
Pesticide exposure as a risk factor for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies: pesticide exposure as a risk factor for ALS.
Upstream adverse effects in risk assessment: a model of polychlorinated biphenyls, thyroid hormone disruption and neurological outcomes in humans.
Ambient air pollution, birth weight and preterm birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Motor vehicle air pollution and asthma in children: a meta-analysis.
Dose-specific efficacy of Haemophilus influenzae type b conjugate vaccines: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
Resting motor threshold in idiopathic generalized epilepsies: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Endoscopic stapling of Zenker's diverticulum: establishing national baselines for auditing clinical outcomes in the United Kingdom.
Do observational studies using propensity score methods agree with randomized trials? A systematic comparison of studies on acute coronary syndromes.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors reduce mortality in hypertension: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitors involving 158,998 patients.
Infusion of calcium and magnesium for oxaliplatin-induced sensory neurotoxicity in colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
What is the clinical benefit of preoperative chemoradiotherapy with 5FU/leucovorin for T3-4 rectal cancer in a pooled analysis of EORTC 22921 and FFCD 9203 trials: surrogacy in question?
Allergy-associated symptoms in relation to childhood non-Hodgkin's as contrasted  to Hodgkin's lymphomas: a case-control study in Greece and meta-analysis.
The effect of coffee consumption on serum lipids: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Placebo effect model in asthma clinical studies: longitudinal meta-analysis of forced expiratory volume in 1 second.
Circulating vitamin D, calcium and risk of cerebrovascular disease: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Effect of outpatient exercise training programmes in patients with chronic heart  failure: a systematic review.
Effectiveness of interventions to promote healthy weight in general populations of children and adults: a meta-analysis.
The accuracy of ultrasonography in the preoperative diagnosis of cervical lymph node metastasis in patients with papillary thyroid carcinoma: A meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials comparing endovenous ablation and surgical intervention in patients with varicose vein.
The association of angiotensin-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphisms with OSA: a meta-analysis.
Photoselective vaporisation of the prostate using 80-W and 120-W laser versus transurethral resection of the prostate for benign prostatic hyperplasia: a systematic review with meta-analysis from 2002 to 2012.
The transradial versus the transfemoral approach for primary percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with acute myocardial infarction: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Interferon-gamma release assays for the diagnosis of extrapulmonary tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Obstetric and perinatal outcomes in singleton pregnancies resulting from the transfer of frozen thawed versus fresh embryos generated through in vitro fertilization treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Contrast-enhanced EUS for differential diagnosis of pancreatic mass lesions: a meta-analysis.
Is routine second-look endoscopy effective after endoscopic hemostasis in acute peptic ulcer bleeding? A meta-analysis.
Stress reduction through psychoeducation: a meta- analytic review.
An epidemiological appraisal of the association between heart rate variability and particulate air pollution: a meta-analysis.
Eradication of Helicobacter pylori infection reduces the incidence of peptic ulcer disease in patients using nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs: a meta-analysis.
Hepatitis A virus vaccination in persons with hepatitis C virus infection: consequences of quality measure implementation.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of insulin therapy and risk of cancer.
Genetic susceptibility to type 2 diabetes: a global meta-analysis studying the genetic differences in Tunisian populations.
Further clarification of the contribution of the ADH1C gene to vulnerability of alcoholism and selected liver diseases.
Pathway analysis of genome-wide association studies on uric acid concentrations.
The diagnostic utility of the GNAS mutation in patients with fibrous dysplasia: meta-analysis of 168 sporadic cases.
The use of follicle flushing during oocyte retrieval in assisted reproductive technologies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reevaluation of the association of seven candidate genes with blood pressure and  hypertension: a replication study and meta-analysis with a larger sample size.
Prediction of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality with brachial-ankle elasticity index: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Staphylococcus aureus colonization before infection is not associated with mortality among S. aureus-infected patients: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between HLA-DP gene polymorphisms and clearance of chronic hepatitis B virus infections: case-control study and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in SP110 are not associated with pulmonary tuberculosis in Indonesians.
Inflammatory markers and bariatric surgery: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of efficacy and safety of dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban in patients with atrial fibrillation using network meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the impact of the principal venoactive drugs agents on malleolar venous edema.
Resectability and outcome with anti-EGFR agents in patients with KRAS wild-type colorectal liver-limited metastases: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of human colorectal cancer transcriptome.
Association of NQO1 Pro187Ser polymorphism with the risks for colorectal cancer and colorectal adenoma: a meta-analysis.
Geographical variation in dementia: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the cystatin C(CST3) gene G73A polymorphism and susceptibility to Alzheimer's disease.
High-dose conformal radiotherapy reduces prostate cancer-specific mortality: results of a meta-analysis.
Total hip arthroplasty versus hemiarthroplasty for displaced femoral neck fractures in the healthy elderly: a meta-analysis and systematic review of randomized trials.
Surgical versus nonsurgical treatment of displaced intra-articular calcaneal fracture: a meta-analysis of current evidence base.
Solifenacin for overactive bladder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The risk of hand foot skin reaction to pazopanib, a novel multikinase inhibitor:  a systematic review of literature and meta-analysis.
Clinical effectiveness of direct class II restorations - a meta-analysis.
Topical herbal application as an adjuvant treatment for chronic kidney disease--a systematic review of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Interleukin (IL)-6, tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and soluble interleukin-2 receptors (sIL-2R) are elevated in patients with major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on topical interventions for genital lichen sclerosus.
Macronutrient intakes and development of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
The effectiveness of splint therapy in patients with temporomandibular disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
GSTM1 null genotype contributes to increased risk of male infertility: a meta-analysis.
Association between angiotensin-converting enzyme I/D polymorphism and asthma risk: a meta-analysis involving 11,897 subjects.
Metal hypersensitivity testing in patients undergoing joint replacement: a systematic review.
Diagnostic accuracy of imaging modalities for suspected scaphoid fractures: meta-analysis combined with latent class analysis.
The PSCA polymorphisms derived from genome-wide association study are associated  with risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systemic magnesium to reduce postoperative arrhythmias after coronary artery bypass graft surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lack of association of A-6G polymorphism of AGT gene with essential hypertension  in the Chinese population.
Association between endothelial nitric oxide synthase polymorphisms and atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review: influence of vitamin D supplementation on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration.
The utility of serum thyroglobulin measurement at the time of remnant ablation for predicting disease-free status in patients with differentiated thyroid cancer: a meta-analysis involving 3947 patients.
Thyrotropin and thyroid cancer diagnosis: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Vitamin D with calcium reduces mortality: patient level pooled analysis of 70,528 patients from eight major vitamin D trials.
Hyperfractionated or accelerated radiotherapy in lung cancer: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Prevalence, location and morphology of maxillary sinus septa: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of vildagliptin in patients with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Interferon-induced depression in chronic hepatitis C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies of self- and other judgments reveals a spatial gradient for mentalizing in medial prefrontal cortex.
Premature discontinuation in adult psychotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of information interventions in reducing transfer anxiety from a critical care setting to a general ward: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of extravascular lung water index in critically ill patients: a  systematic review of the literature.
The effects of light on bleaching and tooth sensitivity during in-office vital bleaching: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Levels and predictors of exercise referral scheme uptake and adherence: a systematic review.
Reducing interrater variability and improving health care: a meta-analytical review.
Sitagliptin in the treatment of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Single-incision laparoscopic cholecystectomy vs. conventional laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The impact of pancreatic duct drainage following pancreaticojejunostomy on clinical outcome.
Changing clinical practice through patient specific reminders available at the time of the clinical encounter: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of second-generation antiepileptic drugs on diplopia: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled studies.
Effects of an Asian-specific nonsynonymous EDAR variant on multiple dental traits.
Association between serum retinol-binding protein 4 concentrations and clinical indices in subjects with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Investigation and threshold of optimum blood concentration of voriconazole: a descriptive statistical meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of gene expression data identifies a molecular signature characteristic for tumor-stage mycosis fungoides.
[A meta-analysis of the variables related to depression in Korean patients with a stroke].
Interleukin-1A -889C/T polymorphism and risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis based on 32 case-control studies.
Pedicle screw navigation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of perforation risk for computer-navigated versus freehand insertion.
Secondary versus primary closure techniques for the prevention of postoperative complications following removal of impacted mandibular third molars: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is adjuvant laser therapy effective for preventing pain, swelling, and trismus after surgical removal of impacted mandibular third molars? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Juvenile idiopathic arthritis-and now?: a systematic literature review of changes in craniofacial morphology.
A large-scale replication study for the association of rs17039192 in HIF-2α with  knee osteoarthritis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the value of clinical features to exclude  radiographic pneumonia in febrile neutropenic episodes in children and young people.
A systematic evaluation of content, structure, and efficacy of interventions to improve patients' self-management of cancer pain.
Cognitive functioning in children and adults with nonsyndromal cleft lip and/or palate: a meta-analysis.
What is the best prosthetic material for patch repair of congenital diaphragmatic hernia? Comparison and meta-analysis of porcine small intestinal submucosa and polytetrafluoroethylene.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of school-based interventions to reduce body  mass index.
Concurrent training: a meta-analysis examining interference of aerobic and resistance exercises.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for shock wave lithotripsy in patients with sterile urine  before treatment may be unnecessary: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Locoregional anesthesia for endovascular aneurysm repair.
Tea consumption and risk of stroke: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective  studies.
Validation study on pfetin and ATP-dependent RNA helicase DDX39 as prognostic biomarkers in gastrointestinal stromal tumour.
Posterior cruciate substituting versus posterior cruciate retaining total knee arthroplasty prostheses: a meta-analysis.
Little clinical advantage of computer-assisted navigation over conventional instrumentation in primary total knee arthroplasty at early follow-up.
Comparing the mid-vastus and medial parapatellar approaches in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of short term outcomes.
Tibial component designs in primary total knee arthroplasty: should we reconsider all-polyethylene component?
Primary closure versus T-tube drainage in laparoscopic common bile duct exploration: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Thalidomide maintenance therapy for patients with multiple myeloma: meta-analysis.
Single agent maintenance therapy for advanced stage non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of proprioceptive exercises for ankle ligament injury in adults: a  systematic literature and meta-analysis.
Comparative meta-analysis of the effect of Lactobacillus species on weight gain in humans and animals.
Prevalence of DSM-IV major depression among U.S. military personnel: meta-analysis and simulation.
Lack of association of Toll-like receptor 9 polymorphisms with susceptibility to  systemic lupus erythematosus in an Asian population: a meta-analysis.
IL6 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis and review.
Association between SHBG Asp327Asn (rs6259) polymorphism and breast cancer risk:  a meta-analysis of 10,454 cases and 13,111 controls.
Relationship between five GLUT1 gene single nucleotide polymorphisms and diabetic nephropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The CTLA-4 +49 A/G and -318 C/T polymorphisms and susceptibility to asthma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of MCP-1 promoter -2518 A/G polymorphism and SLE susceptibility.
Meta-analysis of the association of CYP1A1 polymorphisms with gastric cancer susceptibility and interaction with tobacco smoking.
An updated meta-analysis of the p53 codon 72 polymorphism and gastric cancer risk.
The protein tyrosine phosphatase nonreceptor 22 C1858T polymorphism and vasculitis: a meta-analysis.
TNF promoter -308 A/G and -238 A/G polymorphisms and juvenile idiopathic arthritis: a meta-analysis.
The TT genotype of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase 677C>T polymorphism increases the susceptibility to pediatric ischemic stroke: meta-analysis of the 822 cases and 1,552 controls.
Core antigen tests for hepatitis C virus: a meta-analysis.
PTPN22 C1858T and the risk of psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Association between Parkinson's disease and the HLA-DRB1 locus.
The incidence and prevalence of Huntington's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of statins on chronic inflammation and nutrition status in renal dialysis  patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
PPI therapy is equally effective in well-defined non-erosive reflux disease and in reflux esophagitis: a meta-analysis.
[Surgery for unruptured middle cerebral artery aneurysm].
Type 2 diabetes and polymorphisms on chromosome 9p21: a meta-analysis.
Lifestyle intervention for preventing weight gain in young adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs.
Reinforcing the staple line during laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy: does it have  advantages? A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical data using human meiotic genes identifies a novel cohort of highly restricted cancer-specific marker genes.
Systematic review of the agreement of tonometers with Goldmann applanation tonometry.
Comparison of complications in single-incision minimally invasive THA and conventional THA.
Comparison of initial nonoperative and operative management of radial nerve palsy associated with acute humeral shaft fractures.
A systematic review of the safety and effectiveness of fully implantable middle ear hearing devices: the carina and esteem systems.
Prevalence of tic disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Total colonic aganglionosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of long-term clinical outcome.
Comparison of posterior internal anal sphincter myectomy and intrasphincteric botulinum toxin injection for treatment of internal anal sphincter achalasia: a meta-analysis.
The effect of CYP3A5 6986A>G and ABCB1 3435C>T on tacrolimus dose-adjusted trough levels and acute rejection rates in renal transplant patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing participation rates between immunochemical and guaiac faecal occult blood tests: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of lower extremity muscle fatigue on the vertical ground reaction force: a meta-analysis.
The epigenetic promise for prostate cancer diagnosis.
Gamma-aminobutyric acid A receptor, α-2 (GABRA2) variants as individual markers for alcoholism: a meta-analysis.
Microduplications disrupting the MYT1L gene (2p25.3) are associated with schizophrenia.
Neurometabolites in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder - a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
The association of parental fatal and non-fatal suicidal behaviour with offspring suicidal behaviour and depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ventilator-associated sinusitis in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cyclophosphamide for scleroderma lung disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The use and reporting of WOMAC in the assessment of the benefit of physical therapies for the pain of osteoarthritis of the knee: findings from a systematic  review of clinical trials.
Childhood infection and adult schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of population-based  studies.
Risk factors for relapse following treatment for first episode psychosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Do transfusions cause necrotizing enterocolitis? The complementary role of randomized trials and observational studies.
Adherence to HIV post-exposure prophylaxis in victims of sexual assault: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of sleep disturbances, disorders, and problems following traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis.
The age at onset of psychosis and tobacco use: a systematic meta-analysis.
A role for depression in sexual risk reduction for women? A meta-analysis of HIV  prevention trials with depression outcomes.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of HIV/AIDS prevention interventions in Asia, 1995-2009.
Effect of respiratory muscle training on exercise performance in healthy individuals: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of addition of clopidogrel to aspirin on mortality: systematic review of randomized trials.
Statin therapy and the risk of intracerebral hemorrhage: a meta-analysis of 31 randomized controlled trials.
Open versus laparoscopic pyloromyotomy for hypertrophic pyloric stenosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis focusing on major complications.
Lightweight versus heavyweight mesh in laparoscopic inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis.
Medium and long-term outcomes after pneumatic dilation or laparoscopic Heller myotomy for achalasia: a meta-analysis.
Radiofrequency energy delivery to the lower esophageal sphincter reduces esophageal acid exposure and improves GERD symptoms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acute fractures of the scaphoid bone: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Revisiting the effectiveness of interventions to decrease surgical site infections in colorectal surgery: A Bayesian perspective.
Network meta-analysis of prasugrel, ticagrelor, high- and standard-dose clopidogrel in patients scheduled for percutaneous coronary interventions.
The G894T polymorphism on endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene is associated with increased coronary heart disease among Asia population: evidence from a Meta analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of MDR1 C3435 polymorphism on tacrolimus pharmacokinetics in renal transplant recipients.
Prevalence and trend of HIV infection among voluntary blood donors in China since implementation of the Blood Donation Law: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between FTO gene polymorphism and cancer risk: evidence from 16,277 cases and 31,153 controls.
Meta-analyses of the associations between four common TGF-β1 genetic polymorphisms and risk of colorectal tumor.
Quantitative assessment of the associations between CYP1A1 polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk.
Joint effect of polymorphism in the N-acetyltransferase 2 gene and smoking on hepatocellular carcinoma.
CYP2E1 PstI/RsaI polymorphism and interaction with alcohol consumption in hepatocellular carcinoma susceptibility: evidence from 1,661 cases and 2,317 controls.
Current evidence on VEGF+405G/C polymorphism and malignancy susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 30 studies.
Does obesity affect outcomes in patients undergoing esophagectomy for cancer? A meta-analysis.
Slings in surgery of genuine stress incontinence.
[Clinical efficacy and perinatal outcome of nifedipine for severe preeclampsia: meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of association of tumor necrosis factor alpha and transforming growth factor beta gene polymorphisms with pneumoconiosis].
[A Meta-analysis on tea drinking and the risk of lung cancer in Chinese population].
[Meta-analysis of laparoscopic Nissen and Toupet fundoplication for gastro-oesophageal reflux disease].
Infection rate of Eperythrozoon spp. in Chinese population: a systematic review and meta-analysis since the first Chinese case reported in 1991.
Association between psychological distress and mortality: individual participant  pooled analysis of 10 prospective cohort studies.
Adult bone marrow cell therapy improves survival and induces long-term improvement in cardiac parameters: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of mycophenolate mofetil versus cyclophosphamide for induction therapy of lupus nephritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Mortality after hydroxyethyl starch 130/0.4 infusion: an updated meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Comparisons of disparities and risks of HIV infection in black and other men who  have sex with men in Canada, UK, and USA: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open catheter placement in peritoneal dialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Shift work and vascular events: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ask not which can impair early morbidity--ask which can improve late survival: a  meta-analysis of randomized trials of off-pump versus on-pump coronary artery bypass.
Genetic variation in LINGO-1 (rs9652490) and risk of Parkinson's disease: twelve  studies and a meta-analysis.
Presenilin-2 polymorphisms and risk of sporadic AD: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between TNF-α gene promoter polymorphisms and pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of interventions for hypertension care in the community--a meta-analysis of controlled studies in China.
Cutaneous melanoma attributable to sunbed use: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of risk assessment instruments to predict violence and antisocial behaviour in 73 samples involving 24 827 people: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment of hyperprolactinemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Group based diabetes self-management education compared to routine treatment for  people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A systematic review with meta-analysis.
Effect of SOX10 gene polymorphism on early onset schizophrenia in Chinese Han population.
BRCA2 variants and cardiovascular disease in a multi-ethnic study.
Validation of 6-minute walk distance as a surrogate end point in pulmonary arterial hypertension trials.
Hepatitis viruses infection and risk of intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Factors associated with suicidal behaviors in mainland China: a meta-analysis.
Predictive value of XRCC1 gene polymorphisms on platinum-based chemotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the Pro12Ala polymorphism of PPAR-γ gene and the polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Identification of a novel percent mammographic density locus at 12q24.
Meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies identifies four genetic loci associated with thyroid function.
Genetic variation of XPA gene and risk of cancer: a systematic review and pooled  analysis.
Prevention of gynecomastia and breast pain caused by androgen deprivation therapy in prostate cancer: tamoxifen or radiotherapy?
Meta-analysis identifies multiple loci associated with kidney function-related traits in east Asian populations.
Genetic associations for activated partial thromboplastin time and prothrombin time, their gene expression profiles, and risk of coronary artery disease.
Is there a role for consolidative radiotherapy in the treatment of aggressive and localized non-Hodgkin lymphoma? A systematic review with meta-analysis.
Health promotion lifestyle interventions for weight management in psychosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Low-density lipoprotein-independent improvement of flow-mediated dilatation with  atorvastatin: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized controlled trials.
Risk of pneumonia associated with use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of matrix metalloproteinase 9 expression in patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
Osmotic and stimulant laxatives for the management of childhood constipation.
Low oxygen concentrations for embryo culture in assisted reproductive technologies.
Combination pharmacotherapy for the treatment of neuropathic pain in adults.
Vascular-endothelial-growth-factor (VEGF) targeting therapies for endocrine refractory or resistant metastatic breast cancer.
Toremifene versus tamoxifen for advanced breast cancer.
Social skills groups for people aged 6 to 21 with autism spectrum disorders (ASD).
Preoperative alcohol cessation prior to elective surgery.
Glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide for paraquat-induced lung fibrosis.
Mobile phone messaging reminders for attendance at healthcare appointments.
Effect of restricted pacifier use in breastfeeding term infants for increasing duration of breastfeeding.
Orbital radiotherapy for adult thyroid eye disease.
First-line chemotherapy in low-risk gestational trophoblastic neoplasia.
Treatment for ulnar neuropathy at the elbow.
Allopurinol for preventing mortality and morbidity in newborn infants with hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy.
Glutamine supplementation for young infants with severe gastrointestinal disease.
Exercise for depression.
Physiotherapy versus placebo or no intervention in Parkinson's disease.
Cleavage stage versus blastocyst stage embryo transfer in assisted reproductive technology.
Weight gain in smokers after quitting cigarettes: meta-analysis.
Zinc for the treatment of the common cold: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Quantitative evaluation of common polymorphism (rs1801282) in the PPARγ2 gene and hypertension susceptibility.
An invasive or conservative strategy in patients with diabetes mellitus and non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes: a collaborative meta-analysis  of randomized trials.
Impact of intraoperative stimulation brain mapping on glioma surgery outcome: a meta-analysis.
[Necessity of routine nasogastric decompression after gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis].
Cranberry-containing products for prevention of urinary tract infections in susceptible populations: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic accuracy of spot urinary protein and albumin to creatinine ratios for  detection of significant proteinuria or adverse pregnancy outcome in patients with suspected pre-eclampsia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of micronutrient fortified milk and cereal food for infants and children: a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of receptor for advanced glycation end products gene: four well-evaluated polymorphisms with diabetes mellitus.
Effectiveness and safety of tranexamic acid in reducing blood loss in total knee  arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of efficacy of interventions for elevated depressive symptoms in adults diagnosed with cancer.
A novel automated mammographic density measure and breast cancer risk.
Subtherapeutic warfarin therapy entails an increased bleeding risk after stroke thrombolysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of 235delC mutation of GJB2 gene.
A meta-analysis of neurofunctional imaging studies of emotion and cognition in major depression.
Validity of intraoperative gross examination of myometrial invasion in patients with endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
18F-FDG PET/CT and PET for evaluation of pathological response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between ecstasy use and risky sexual behavior.
The cardioprotective association of average alcohol consumption and ischaemic heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Time pattern of reduction in risk of oesophageal cancer following alcohol cessation--a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of HIV/STI behavioral interventions for heterosexual African American men in the United States: a meta-analysis.
The clinical value of diffusion-weighted imaging in combination with T2-weighted  imaging in diagnosing prostate carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: IL-28B genotype and sustained viral clearance in HCV genotype 1 patients.
Meta-analysis: IL28B polymorphisms predict sustained viral response in HCV patients treated with pegylated interferon-α and ribavirin.
Improved protocol for measurement of plasma β-amyloid in longitudinal evaluation  of Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative study patients.
Intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation in patients with acute myocardial infarction without cardiogenic shock. A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Selenium and prostate cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Conidiobolomycosis in a young Malaysian woman showing chronic localized fibrosing leukocytoclastic vasculitis: a case report and meta-analysis focusing on clinicopathologic and therapeutic correlations with outcome.
Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea and proton pump inhibitor therapy: a meta-analysis.
Effect of gender on prevalence of irritable bowel syndrome in the community: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of Clostridium difficile infection with acid suppressing drugs and antibiotics: meta-analysis.
No association between cigarette smoking and incidence of plasma cell myeloma: a  meta-analysis of 17 observational studies.
Bleeding complications of native kidney biopsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The brain-derived neurotrophic-factor (BDNF) val66met polymorphism is associated  with geriatric depression: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genetic association studies on bipolar disorder.
Self-etch primers and conventional acid-etch technique for orthodontic bonding: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functional neuroimaging of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis and new integration of base line activation and neural response data.
In vivo evidence for tibial plateau slope as a risk factor for anterior cruciate  ligament injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of laparoscopy and laparoscopic ultrasound in the preoperative staging of patients with resectable colorectal liver metastases: a meta-analysis.
Reduction of resting heart rate with antianginal drugs: review and meta-analysis.
Statin therapy significantly reduces risk of ventricular tachyarrhythmias in patients with an implantable cardioverter defibrillator.
Effects of β-alanine supplementation on exercise performance: a meta-analysis.
Use of plethysmographic variability index derived from the Massimo(®) pulse oximeter to predict fluid or preload responsiveness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of venous and arterial thromboembolic events associated with anti-EGFR agents: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Body mass index and incidence of localized and advanced prostate cancer--a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Psychotropic-related hip fractures: meta-analysis of first-generation and second-generation antidepressant and antipsychotic drugs.
Laparoscopy-assisted versus open distal gastrectomy for early gastric cancer: evidence from randomized and nonrandomized clinical trials.
Wound protectors reduce surgical site infection: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Robotic versus laparoscopic proctectomy for rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of MRI for assessment of T category, lymph node metastases, and circumferential resection margin involvement in patients with rectal cancer:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Off-pump coronary surgery may reduce stroke, respiratory failure, and mortality in octogenarians.
Vascular endothelial growth factor gene polymorphisms and endometriosis risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of STXBP4/COX11 rs6504950 (G>A) polymorphism with breast cancer risk: evidence from 17,960 cases and 22,713 controls.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis: a  meta-analysis.
Plasma amyloid-β as a predictor of dementia and cognitive decline: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of total hip arthroplasty and hemiarthroplasty outcomes for displaced femoral neck fractures.
A meta-analysis of the diagnostic test accuracy of MRA and MRI for the detection  of glenoid labral injury.
Comparative effectiveness of focused shock wave therapy of different intensity levels and radial shock wave therapy for treating plantar fasciitis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Atrial fibrillation, blood loss, and transfusion in patients with left ventricular dysfunction: what is the effect of cardiopulmonary bypass?
Prostate cancer risk and aggressiveness associated with the CYP1B1 4326C/G (Leu432Val) polymorphism: a meta-analysis of 2788 cases and 2968 controls.
Meta-analysis of the effects of statin therapy on endothelial function in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Cognition enhancement by modafinil: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic profile of subfertile couples and treatment outcome after expectant management, intrauterine insemination and in vitro fertilisation: a study protocol for the meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Physiotherapy rehabilitation for whiplash associated disorder II: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of outcomes following pathological complete response to neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for rectal cancer.
The neural bases of difficult speech comprehension and speech production: Two Activation Likelihood Estimation (ALE) meta-analyses.
Comparison of entecavir and adefovir for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B.
Fruits, vegetables and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of prospective studies.
Body size and breast cancer prognosis in relation to hormone receptor and menopausal status: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis on the effectiveness of preoperative prophylactic antibiotics in patients undergoing breast surgical procedures.
Chronic hepatitis C treatment outcomes in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The emerging role of cardiac computed tomography for the assessment of coronary perfusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of nutritional supplementation for management of hospitalized alcoholic hepatitis.
N-Methyl-D-Aspartate antagonists in levodopa induced dyskinesia: a meta-analysis.
Statin use and risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of vascular endothelial growth factor expression in patients with esophageal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of MTHFR C677T and A1298C association with oral carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Obesity and ovarian cancer survival: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of complications in aortic valve replacement: comparison of Medtronic-Corevalve, Edwards-Sapien and surgical aortic valve replacement in 8,536 patients.
Predictive value of interferon-γ release assays and tuberculin skin testing for progression from latent TB infection to disease state: a meta-analysis.
Association of estrogen receptor alpha gene polymorphisms with bone mineral density: a meta-analysis.
Thymidylate synthase genetic polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 37 case-control studies.
Apixaban versus enoxaparin for thromboprophylaxis after total hip or knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Coronary artery calcium and primary prevention risk assessment: what is the evidence? An updated meta-analysis on patient and physician behavior.
Systematic review and cost-benefit analysis of radial artery access for coronary  angiography and intervention.
Habitual coffee consumption and risk of heart failure: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Surgical anatomy of the pectoral nerves and the pectoral musculature.
Effects of recombinant human growth hormone therapy in adults with Prader-Willi syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Patient self-report outcomes to guide a treat-to-target strategy in clinical trials and usual clinical care of rheumatoid arthritis.
Overview and analysis of treat-to-target trials in rheumatoid arthritis reporting on remission.
The PTPN22 C1858T variant as a risk factor for rheumatoid arthritis and systemic  lupus erythematosus but not for systemic sclerosis in the Colombian population.
Do gender inequities exist in cataract surgical coverage? Meta-analysis in Latin  America.
Global prevalence of and risk factors for irritable bowel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical studies supports the pharmacokinetic variability hypothesis for acquired drug resistance and failure of antituberculosis therapy.
The auditory P200 is both increased and reduced in schizophrenia? A meta-analytic dissociation of the effect for standard and target stimuli in the oddball task.
Self-help treatment of anxiety disorders: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of  effects and potential moderators.
Ephedrine versus phenylephrine for the management of hypotension during spinal anesthesia for cesarean section: an updated meta-analysis.
Comparison of efficacy between uncovered and covered self-expanding metallic stents in malignant large bowel obstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic implications of left ventricular dilation in patients with nonischemic heart failure: interactions with restrictive filling pattern and mitral regurgitation.
Low-level laser therapy in the prevention and treatment of cancer therapy-induced mucositis: 2012 state of the art based on literature review and meta-analysis.
Integrated analysis on the physicochemical properties of dihydropyridine calcium  channel blockers in grapefruit juice interactions.
Association of IL-6 polymorphisms with gastric cancer risk: evidences from a meta-analysis.
Meditative therapies for reducing anxiety: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of fructose on glycemic control in diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials.
Effectiveness of interventions for reducing diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk in people with metabolic syndrome: systematic review and mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
A gene variant near ATM is significantly associated with metformin treatment response in type 2 diabetes: a replication and meta-analysis of five cohorts.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopic versus open colorectal surgery within fast-track perioperative care.
Glutathione S-transferase T1 polymorphism contributes to bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 50 studies.
Are females who inject drugs at higher risk for HIV infection than males who inject drugs: an international systematic review of high seroprevalence areas.
Targeting endothelin receptors for pharmacotherapy of ischemic stroke: current scenario and future perspectives.
Dairy products and physical stature: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials.
Nonbiological maternal risk factor for low birth weight on Latin America: a systematic review of literature with meta-analysis.
Household transmission of 2009 pandemic influenza A (H1N1): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ambient temperature and cardiorespiratory morbidity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of statins on ventricular tachyarrhythmia, cardiac arrest, and sudden cardiac death: a meta-analysis of published and unpublished evidence from randomized trials.
The survival of patients with heart failure with preserved or reduced left ventricular ejection fraction: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis of the dose-risk relation.
Sputum induction for the diagnosis of pulmonary tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of higher- versus lower-protein diets on health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Subclinical hyperthyroidism and the risk of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality: an updated meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Survival of ceramic veneers made of different materials after a minimum follow-up period of five years: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A large-sample assessment of possible association between ischaemic stroke and rs12188950 in the PDE4D gene.
Association between survivin -31G > C promoter polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of 18F-dihydroxyphenylalanine positron emission tomography in patients with paraganglioma: a meta-analysis.
Positive surgical margin and perioperative complication rates of primary surgical treatments for prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis comparing retropubic, laparoscopic, and robotic prostatectomy.
[Meta analysis indices of genotoxic damage in urban pollution exposed workers].
[Meta analysis blood and urinary values in urban pollution exposed workers].
Geographic difference in safety and efficacy of systemicchemotherapy for advanced gastric or gastroesophagealcarcinoma: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Association between the MTHFR C677T polymorphism and recurrent pregnancy loss: a  meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the impact of disease-specific education programs on health outcomes for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Plasma homocysteine, serum folic acid, serum vitamin B12, serum vitamin B6, MTHFR and risk of pseudoexfoliation glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
The incidence of oesophageal adenocarcinoma in non-dysplastic Barrett's oesophagus: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative identification of a suspicious adnexal mass: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Calcification of the abdominal aorta as an independent predictor of cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of colchicine for pericarditis prevention. Systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Human leukocyte antigen-DQ beta 1 chain (DQB1) gene polymorphisms are associated  with dilated cardiomyopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of relevant markers of cancer stem cells in colorectal cancer - a meta analysis.
Single-incision laparoscopic surgery vs. multiport laparoscopic surgery for colectomy: a meta-analysis of eleven recent studies.
Correlation between p16 expression and malignant risk of gastrointestinal stromal tumor: evidence from nine studies.
Performance of magnetic resonance elastography and diffusion-weighted imaging for the staging of hepatic fibrosis: A meta-analysis.
Enhanced visual functioning in autism: an ALE meta-analysis.
Y chromosome haplogroups and prostate cancer in populations of European and Ashkenazi Jewish ancestry.
GWAS-linked GAK locus in Parkinson's disease in Han Chinese and meta-analysis.
Misoprostol prior to hysteroscopy in premenopausal and post-menopausal women. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Testosterone concentrations, using different assays, in different types of ovarian insufficiency: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and harms of seasonal and pandemic influenza vaccines in children,  adults and elderly: a critical review and re-analysis of 15 meta-analyses.
CYP2C19*2/ABCB1-C3435T polymorphism and risk of cardiovascular events in coronary artery disease patients on clopidogrel: is clinical testing helpful?
Childhood obesity in India: a meta-analysis.
The association between interleukin-6 polymorphisms and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Associations between interleukin-10 polymorphisms and susceptibility to psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Routine blood tests as predictors of mortality in hip fracture patients.
Dynamic versus static external fixation for unstable distal radius fractures: an  up-to-date meta-analysis.
The prevalence of prostate cancer in Brazil is higher in Black men than in White  men: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of steroid-releasing sinus implants on postoperative medical and surgical  interventions: an efficacy meta-analysis.
Daily average temperature and mortality among the elderly: a meta-analysis and systematic review of epidemiological evidence.
Meta-analysis of gene expression profiles associated with histological classification and survival in 829 ovarian cancer samples.
Potassium treatment for hypertension in patients with high salt intake: a meta-analysis.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase levels and risk of metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis  of prospective cohort studies.
GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk in Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Update of complications and functional outcome of the ileo-pouch anal anastomosis: overview of evidence and meta-analysis of 96 observational studies.
Anatomical versus nonanatomical resection of colorectal liver metastases: a meta-analysis.
Association of NQO1 rs1800566 polymorphism and the risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of several cervical screening strategies for early detection of cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Interferon-γ release assays for the diagnosis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of midurethral slings in recurrent stress urinary incontinence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety of gelatin for volume resuscitation--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Arterial stiffness as a cause of cognitive decline and dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of attachment to parents and delinquency.
The relationship between sexual abuse and risky sexual behavior among adolescent  boys: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the association between PPAR-γ Pro12Ala polymorphism and polycystic ovary syndrome.
Evaluation of joint position recognition measurement variables associated with chronic ankle instability: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of factors which influence delirium following cardiac surgery.
Metformin for liver cancer prevention in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of hypothyroidism following hemithyroidectomy: systematic review and meta-analysis of prognostic studies.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials that compare the lipid effects of beef versus poultry and/or fish consumption.
Scarf versus chevron osteotomy for the correction of 1-2 intermetatarsal angle in hallux valgus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte associated antigen-4 gene polymorphisms and primary biliary cirrhosis: a systematic review.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of visual cortex in migraine patients: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Diagnostic study and meta-analysis of C-reactive protein as a predictor of postoperative inflammatory complications after pancreatic surgery.
Are common factors involved in the pathogenesis of primary liver cancers? A meta-analysis of risk factors for intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.
Exercise and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: multidisciplinary fall prevention strategies in the acute care inpatient population.
Home versus ambulatory and office blood pressure in predicting target organ damage in hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diarrhea associated with lopinavir/ritonavir-based therapy: results of a meta-analysis of 1469 HIV-1-infected participants.
Results of microbial testing exploring the etiology of deep breast pain during lactation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of nonrandomized trials.
Birth weight and muscle strength: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
External fixation versus internal fixation for unstable distal radius fractures:  a systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative clinical trials.
Efficacy of risperidone in managing maladaptive behaviors for children with autistic spectrum disorder: a meta-analysis.
Pharyngeal flap versus sphincter pharyngoplasty for the treatment of velopharyngeal insufficiency: a meta-analysis.
Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) for alcoholism: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials for the effects of garlic on serum lipid profiles.
Practical recommendations for coaches and athletes: a meta-analysis of sodium bicarbonate use for athletic performance.
Thromobolysis for acute ischemic stroke: is intra-arterial better than intravenous? A treatment effects model.
Meta-analyses of seven of the National Institute on Drug Abuse's principles of drug addiction treatment.
Effect of hydroxyethyl starch on bleeding after cardiopulmonary bypass: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Influence of the paraoxonase-1 Q192R genetic variant on clopidogrel responsiveness and recurrent cardiovascular events: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic clinical prediction rules to identify a low-risk pulmonary embolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prehospital trauma systems reduce mortality in developing countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment of ureteral and renal stones: a systematic review and meta-analysis of  randomized, controlled trials.
Comparative effectiveness for survival and renal function of partial and radical  nephrectomy for localized renal tumors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of anticoagulation for calf deep venous thrombosis.
Meta-analysis of transcatheter closure versus medical therapy for patent foramen  ovale in prevention of recurrent neurological events after presumed paradoxical embolism.
The associations between interleukin-1 polymorphisms and susceptibility to ankylosing spondylitis: a meta-analysis.
Does computer-assisted surgery improve postoperative leg alignment and implant positioning following total knee arthroplasty? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials?
Burden of HIV among female sex workers in low-income and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of topical nasal steroid therapy on symptoms of nasal polyposis: a meta-analysis.
Obesity but not overweight increases the incidence and mortality of leukemia in adults: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
[Meta-analysis of randomized trials of antimicrobial drugs in the treatment of coronary heart disease].
[A meta-analysis compare rapid rhino with merocel for nasal packing].
Emphysema detected on computed tomography and risk of lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between class III β-tubulin expression and response to paclitaxel/vinorebine-based chemotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between the valine/leucine247 polymorphism of β2-glycoprotein I and susceptibility to anti-phospholipid syndrome: a meta-analysis.
The effect of whole body vibration on balance, mobility and falls in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Molecular techniques for diagnosis of Clostridium difficile infection: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Extracted or synthesized soybean isoflavones reduce menopausal hot flash frequency and severity: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Performance of the OTSC System in the endoscopic closure of gastrointestinal fistulae--a meta-analysis.
The association of NAT1 polymorphisms and colorectal carcinoma risk: evidence from 20,000 subjects.
Association of the CYP1B1 Leu432Val polymorphism with the risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
MDR1 C3435T polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 39 case-control studies.
Link between CFTR mutations and ABPA: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies four new susceptibility loci for coronary artery disease.
Identification of cell surface targets through meta-analysis of microarray data.
Right atrial thrombi complicating haemodialysis catheters. A meta-analysis of reported cases and a proposal of a management algorithm.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between ACE I/D gene polymorphism and end-stage renal disease in patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Effects of ω-3 fatty acids on cognitive performance: a meta-analysis.
Functional neuroimaging studies of sexual arousal and orgasm in healthy men and women: a review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy in neurosurgical practice.
The prevalence of DSM-IV attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a meta-analytic review.
Neurobehavioral performance among agricultural workers and pesticide applicators: a meta-analytic study.
Meta-analysis of studies examining long-term construction injury rates.
Periodontal disease as a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Intratympanic steroid treatment for sudden deafness: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Outcomes of intratympanic gentamicin injection to treat Ménière's disease.
Meta-analysis of treatment outcomes for sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma.
Vitamin D during pregnancy and maternal, neonatal and infant health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions with vitamins B6, B12 and C in pregnancy.
Vitamin A and carotenoids during pregnancy and maternal, neonatal and infant health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The long-term incidence of subsequent vertebral body fracture after vertebral augmentation therapy: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the effect of LRRK2 exonic variants on the risk of Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Factors associated with loss of penicillin G concentrations in serum after intramuscular benzathine penicillin G injection: a meta-analysis.
Maternal exercise and growth in breastfed infants: a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Imputation of missing variance data using non-linear mixed effects modelling to enable an inverse variance weighted meta-analysis of summary-level longitudinal data: a case study.
WNT16 influences bone mineral density, cortical bone thickness, bone strength, and osteoporotic fracture risk.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide scans for total body BMD in children and adults reveals allelic heterogeneity and age-specific effects at the WNT16 locus.
Parent participation in weight-related health interventions for children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A dose-response meta-analysis of coffee consumption and bladder cancer.
Dealing with feeling: a meta-analysis of the effectiveness of strategies derived  from the process model of emotion regulation.
Effects of cognitive therapy versus interpersonal psychotherapy in patients with  major depressive disorder: a systematic review of randomized clinical trials with meta-analyses and trial sequential analyses.
The acute effects of exercise on cigarette cravings, withdrawal symptoms, affect, and smoking behaviour: systematic review update and meta-analysis.
[Prevalence of affective and anxiety disorders in cancer: systematic literature review and meta-analysis].
Dose-ranging effects of intrathecal epinephrine on anesthesia/analgesia: a meta-analysis and metaregression of randomized controlled trials.
Moderating factors of video-modeling with other as model: a meta-analysis of single-case studies.
Association between the CD209 promoter -336A/G polymorphism and susceptibility to tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
[Identification of tachypnea and subcostal retractions as clinical signs for the  diagnosis of community-acquired pneumonia among children: systematic review and meta-analysis].
Association of TNF-α promoter-308 A/G polymorphism with susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of NOD2/CARD15 polymorphisms with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
Fine mapping and replication of genetic risk loci in primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Non-O blood type is the commonest genetic risk factor for VTE: results from a meta-analysis of the literature.
Meta-analysis of marital dissolution and mortality: reevaluating the intersection of gender and age.
Digital rectal examination versus spontaneous passage of stool for fecal occult blood testing.
Influence of the neurological level of spinal cord injury on cardiovascular outcomes in humans: a meta-analysis.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor functions in patients with stroke: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative carbohydrate loading for elective surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype and bleeding.
Association of ADIPOQ gene polymorphisms and coronary artery disease risk: a meta-analysis based on 12 465 subjects.
Association between adiponectin gene polymorphisms and coronary artery disease across different populations.
Influence of CYP4F2 genotype on warfarin dose requirement-a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ultrasonography for diagnosing carpal tunnel syndrome: a meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy.
Ultrasonographic fetal head position to predict mode of delivery: a systematic review and bivariate meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of udenafil for erectile dysfunction: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Soy food intake and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis].
[Screening key genes associated with the development and progression of non-small cell lung cancer based on gene-enrichment analysis and meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis on treatment of non-small cell lung cancer with brucea javanica oil emulsion in combination with platinum-contained first-line chemotherapy].
[Meta-analysis of probiotics preventing allergic diseases in infants].
[Meta-analysis of safety and efficacy of self-expending metallic stents as bridge to surgery versus emergency surgery for left-sided malignant colorectal obstruction].
CXCL12 G801A polymorphism contributes to cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Pulse oximetry screening for critical congenital heart defects in asymptomatic newborn babies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Personality traits and schizophrenia: evidence from a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis demonstrates association between Arg72Pro polymorphism in the P53 gene and susceptibility to keloids in the Chinese population.
Updated evidence on early statin therapy for acute coronary syndromes: meta-analysis of 18 randomized trials involving over 14,000 patients.
Two-stage vs single-stage management for concomitant gallstones and common bile duct stones.
Relationship between HLA-DR gene polymorphisms and outcomes of hepatitis B viral  infections: a meta-analysis.
Alemtuzumab induction therapy in kidney transplantation: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Statin therapy in the prevention of recurrent cardiovascular events: a sex-based  meta-analysis.
Efficacy of once-daily indacaterol 75 μg relative to alternative bronchodilators  in COPD: a study level and a patient level network meta-analysis.
Probiotics' effects on the incidence of nosocomial pneumonia in critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of cardiovascular exercise early after stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Smoking and risk of age-related cataract: a meta-analysis.
How host heterogeneity governs tuberculosis reinfection?
Coronary collaterals and risk for restenosis after percutaneous coronary interventions: a meta-analysis.
Cognitive deficits in schizophrenia: an updated metanalysis of the scientific evidence.
Association of TP53 polymorphisms with primary open-angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Does risk for ovarian malignancy algorithm excel human epididymis protein 4 and CA125 in predicting epithelial ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes after transcatheter aortic valve replacement using valve academic research consortium definitions: a weighted meta-analysis of 3,519 patients from 16 studies.
Effectiveness of quality improvement strategies on the management of diabetes: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between TLR4 Asp299Gly and Thr399Ile polymorphisms and sepsis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Paraoxonase 1 polymorphisms L55M and Q192R were not risk factors for Parkinson's  disease: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of epidemiological studies demonstrates significant association of  PTGS2 polymorphism rs689470 and no significant association of rs20417 with prostate cancer.
Meta-analysis of association between PITX3 gene polymorphism and Parkinson's disease.
LINGO1 and risk for essential tremor: results of a meta-analysis of rs9652490 and rs11856808.
Dabigatran, rivaroxaban, or apixaban versus enoxaparin for thromboprophylaxis after total hip or knee replacement: systematic review, meta-analysis, and indirect treatment comparisons.
Identification of shared genetic susceptibility locus for coronary artery disease, type 2 diabetes and obesity: a meta-analysis of genome-wide studies.
Telmisartan reduces triglyceride levels over other angiotensin II receptor blockers: a meta-analysis of randomized head-to-head trials.
Effect of gender on repeated coronary artery revascularization after intra-coronary stenting: a meta-analysis.
The human vestibular cortex revealed by coordinate-based activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of early interventions for substance-using adolescents: findings from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Combination of pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy in the treatment of chronic depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes in Bangladesh: a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies between 1995 and 2010.
The effect of folic acid based homocysteine lowering on cardiovascular events in  people with kidney disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Second trimester serum tests for Down's Syndrome screening.
Colony-stimulating factors for prevention and treatment of infectious complications in patients with acute myelogenous leukemia.
Virtual reality simulation training for health professions trainees in gastrointestinal endoscopy.
Topical microbicides for prevention of sexually transmitted infections.
Ganoderma lucidum (Reishi mushroom) for cancer treatment.
Enhanced glucose control for preventing and treating diabetic neuropathy.
Chemotherapy for brain metastases from small cell lung cancer.
Sedative techniques for endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography.
Radiofrequency ablation in the treatment of liver metastases from colorectal cancer.
Adjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy for early stage cervical cancer.
Healthcare financing systems for increasing the use of tobacco dependence treatment.
Cromolyn sodium for the prevention of chronic lung disease in preterm infants.
Intravenous midazolam infusion for sedation of infants in the neonatal intensive  care unit.
Detection of cervical lymph node metastasis in head and neck cancer patients with clinically N0 neck-a meta-analysis comparing different imaging modalities.
Smoking and all-cause mortality in older people: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Quality of life in children and adolescents post-TBI: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of pre-diabetes on future risk of stroke: meta-analysis.
Phosphatase and tensin homolog expression related to cetuximab effects in colorectal cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Is MRI better than CT for detecting a vascular component to dementia? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of human lung cancer microRNA expression profiling studies comparing cancer tissues with normal tissues.
Telomerase reverse transcriptase locus polymorphisms and cancer risk: a field synopsis and meta-analysis.
Food and drug cues activate similar brain regions: a meta-analysis of functional  MRI studies.
[Subintimal angioplasty for chronic arterial occlusive disease: a systematic review].
Choice of therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes inadequately controlled with metformin and a sulphonylurea: a systematic review and mixed-treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Antipsychotic drugs versus placebo for relapse prevention in schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Carotid intima-media thickness progression to predict cardiovascular events in the general population (the PROG-IMT collaborative project): a meta-analysis of individual participant data.
Evolution of public attitudes about mental illness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Randomized clinical trials underestimate the efficacy of antidepressants in less  severe depression.
Brief opportunistic smoking cessation interventions: a systematic review and meta-analysis to compare advice to quit and offer of assistance.
Meta-analysis of hepatitis C seroconversion in relation to shared syringes and drug preparation equipment.
Human longevity and common variations in the LMNA gene: a meta-analysis.
Comparative and meta-analytic insights into life extension via dietary restriction.
HIV risk among men who have sex with men who have experienced childhood sexual abuse: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in biliary colic.
Meta-analysis: probiotics in antibiotic-associated diarrhoea.
Meta-analysis: vasoactive medications for the management of acute variceal bleeds.
Meta-analysis of dietary glycemic load and glycemic index in relation to risk of  coronary heart disease.
Comparison of vitamin D2 and vitamin D3 supplementation in raising serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D status: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nutritional support in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis and multisite time-series analysis of the differential toxicity of major fine particulate matter constituents.
Caffeine intake, smoking, and risk of Parkinson disease in men and women.
Does hypernatremia cause subdural hematoma in children?: two case reports and a meta-analysis of the literature.
Acupuncture for irritable bowel syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
GFR at initiation of dialysis and mortality in CKD: a meta-analysis.
Regional citrate versus heparin anticoagulation for continuous renal replacement  therapy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Fish consumption and colorectal cancer risk in humans: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low-dose aspirin and cancer mortality: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Alternative smoking cessation aids: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of smoking-cessation interventions for young adults: a meta-analysis.
Effect of perioperative systemic α2 agonists on postoperative morphine consumption and pain intensity: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between type D personality and prognosis in patients with cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of pulmonary embolism rule-out criteria: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
A novel approach to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes: sodium glucose co-transport (SGLT) inhibitors: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Aspirin and cancer risk: a quantitative review to 2011.
Dietary fiber and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
PIK3CA exon 20 mutations as a potential biomarker for resistance to anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies in KRAS wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol drinking and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Effect of TNF inhibitors on lipid profile in rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic distal pancreatectomy is associated with significantly less overall  morbidity compared to the open technique: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the clinical effectiveness of wound-edge protection devices  in reducing surgical site infection in patients undergoing open abdominal surgery.
Induction chemoradiation is not superior to induction chemotherapy alone in stage IIIA lung cancer.
Cognitive functioning in prodromal psychosis: a meta-analysis.
p53 codon 72 polymorphism and endometriosis: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-1 receptor antagonist polymorphism (rs2234663) and periodontitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Sialendoscopy for the management of obstructive salivary gland disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hypothermia for neonatal hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic vs open appendectomy in older patients.
Comparison of leukotriene receptor antagonists in addition to inhaled corticosteroid and inhaled corticosteroid alone in the treatment of adolescents and adults with bronchial asthma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of association between GSTM1 gene polymorphism and cervical cancer.
Assessment of the value of a genetic risk score in improving the estimation of coronary risk.
Benefits from intracoronary as compared to intravenous abciximab administration for STEMI patients undergoing primary angioplasty: a meta-analysis of 8 randomized trials.
Effect of folic acid supplementation on the progression of carotid intima-media thickness: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A constant and similar assembly defect of mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I allows rapid identification of NDUFS4 mutations in patients with Leigh syndrome.
Association between single-nucleotide polymorphisms on chromosome 1p22 and 20q12  and nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate: new data in Han Chinese  and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of circulating placental growth factor, vascular endothelial growth factor, soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase 1 and soluble endoglin in the prediction of pre-eclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Various formulations of oral transmucosal fentanyl for breakthrough cancer pain:  an indirect mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Omega-3 fatty acids and incident type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intrinsic functional deficits associated with increased risk of ankle injuries: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of somatostatin analogues for the treatment of pancreatic fistula.
Sequential versus concurrent anthracyclines and taxanes as adjuvant chemotherapy  of early breast cancer: a meta-analysis of phase III randomized control trials.
Dose-dense chemotherapy versus conventional chemotherapy for early breast cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of male breast cancer in Africa.
Local breast cancer recurrence after mastectomy and immediate breast reconstruction for invasive cancer: a meta-analysis.
Benign thyroid disease is associated with breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Locoregional recurrence after breast cancer surgery: a systematic review by receptor phenotype.
Meta-analysis of the prevalence of physical inactivity among Brazilian adolescents.
Meta-analytic comparison of randomized and nonrandomized studies of breast cancer surgery.
Loss of PTEN expression as a predictor of resistance to anti-EGFR monoclonal therapy in metastatic colorectal cancer: evidence from retrospective studies.
Lack of association between p53 codon 72 polymorphism and endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Pickled food and risk of gastric cancer--a systematic review and meta-analysis of English and Chinese literature.
Cigarette smoking and risk of meningioma: the effect of gender.
Effect of polymorphisms in the β2-adrenergic receptor on the susceptibility and pulmonary function of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta analysis.
[Total laparoscopic mesorectal excision versus robot-assisted in the treatment of rectal cancer: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of bleeding complications associated with cardiac rhythm device implantation.
Stent thrombosis with everolimus-eluting stents: meta-analysis of comparative randomized controlled trials.
Meta-regression analysis to indirectly compare prophylaxis with dalteparin or enoxaparin in patients at high risk for venous thromboembolic events.
Risk of colorectal cancer in patients with ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis of population-based cohort studies.
Does lipid emulsion reduce amphotericin B nephrotoxicity? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Excess deaths associated with tigecycline after approval based on noninferiority  trials.
Subcutaneous versus intraperitoneal insulin for patients with diabetes mellitus on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: meta-analysis of non-randomized clinical trials.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the reduction of clinical and experimentally induced pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Which is the best alternative for displaced femoral neck fractures in the elderly?: A meta-analysis.
Computer-based psychological treatments for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of non-directive supportive therapy for adult depression: a meta-analysis.
A systematic meta-analysis of the Stroop task in depression.
Relations among posttraumatic stress disorder, comorbid major depression, and HPA function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of psychotherapy for anxiety in children and adolescents: a meta-analytic review.
Everolimus-eluting versus sirolimus-eluting stents: an updated meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Efficacy of GLP-1 receptor agonists and DPP-4 inhibitors: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of association between particulate matter and stroke attack.
Amygdalar volume in borderline personality disorder with and without comorbid post-traumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic vs open resection for rectal cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Elective sigmoid colectomy for diverticular disease. Laparoscopic vs open surgery: a systematic review.
Could ginseng-based medicines be better than nitrates in treating ischemic heart  disease? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Safety and efficacy of transradial versus transfemoral percutaneous coronary intervention in acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
How to interpret epicardial adipose tissue as a cause of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Delirium screening in critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Primary vitrectomy versus scleral buckling for the treatment of rhegmatogenous retinal detachment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Distal protection devices in primary percutaneous coronary intervention of native coronary artery lesions: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Glycemic effectiveness and medication adherence with fixed-dose combination or coadministered dual therapy of antihyperglycemic regimens: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics model-supported early drug development.
Systematic review of proinflammatory cytokines in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ polymorphism Pro12Ala Is associated  with nephropathy in type 2 diabetes: evidence from meta-analysis of 18 studies.
Saxagliptin and sitagliptin in adult patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Rural diabetes prevalence quintuples over twenty-five years in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Performance of platelet count/spleen diameter ratio for diagnosis of esophageal varices in cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus and the incidence of colorectal cancer: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus is an independent risk factor for colorectal cancer.
Comparison of conventional and nonconventional strictureplasties in Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The E-cadherin (CDH1) -C160A polymorphism and colorectal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of paraoxonase 1 activity and coronary heart disease risk.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphisms (G894T, 4b/a and T-786C) and preeclampsia: meta-analysis of 18 case-control studies.
Reactions and enzymes in the metabolism of drugs and other xenobiotics.
Temporal variability in the deglutition literature.
Source attribution of human campylobacteriosis using a meta-analysis of case-control studies of sporadic infections.
Source attribution of human salmonellosis using a meta-analysis of case-control studies of sporadic infections.
The impact of prosthesis-patient mismatch on long-term survival after aortic valve replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 34 observational studies comprising 27 186 patients with 133 141 patient-years.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and colorectal cancer: meta-analysis on sex-specific differences.
The adverse event profile of pregabalin across different disorders: a meta-analysis.
The functional Ser326Cys polymorphism in hOGG1 is associated with gastric cancer  risk: evidence from 1180 cases and 2444 controls.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials evaluating left ventricular vs. biventricular pacing in heart failure: effect on all-cause mortality and hospitalizations.
Atrioventricular nodal ablation in atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of biventricular vs. right ventricular pacing mode.
Long-term beta blockers for stable angina: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Individual patient meta-analysis of exercise training effects on systemic brain natriuretic peptide expression in heart failure.
Risk factors for COPD spirometrically defined from the lower limit of normal in the BOLD project.
Multidrug resistance after inappropriate tuberculosis treatment: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open nephroureterectomy for the treatment of upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma: a systematic review and cumulative analysis of comparative studies.
Statin is a reasonable treatment option for patients with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials evaluating primary care-based interventions to promote breastfeeding in low-income women.
Birth defects in children conceived by in vitro fertilization and intracytoplasmic sperm injection: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of human chorionic gonadotropin for follicular phase stimulation in assisted reproduction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of zoonotic bacteria in wild and farmed aquatic species and seafood: a scoping study, systematic review, and meta-analysis of published research.
Surgical access rather than method of pleurodesis (pleurectomy or pleural abrasion) influences recurrence rates for pneumothorax surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Folate gene polymorphisms MTR A2756G, MTRR A66G, and BHMT G742A and risk for coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Periodontitis and risk of preterm birth and low birthweight--a meta-analysis.
Alcohol drinking and epithelial ovarian cancer risk. a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Improving nutrition and physical activity in the workplace: a meta-analysis of intervention studies.
Prevalence and non-invasive predictors of left main or three-vessel coronary disease: evidence from a collaborative international meta-analysis including 22 740 patients.
The association between Barrett's esophagus and Helicobacter pylori infection: a  meta-analysis.
Novel agents-based regimens as induction treatment prior to autologous stem-cell  transplantation in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Reappraisal of acetazolamide for the prevention of acute mountain sickness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Portal triad clamping versus other methods of vascular control in liver resection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Brain structure anomalies in autism spectrum disorder--a meta-analysis of VBM studies using anatomic likelihood estimation.
Ethnic differences in genetic predisposition to hypertension.
Meta-analysis of dose-response relationships for hydrochlorothiazide, chlorthalidone, and bendroflumethiazide on blood pressure, serum potassium, and urate.
Early operant learning is unaffected by socio-economic status and other demographic factors: a meta-analysis.
Associations between TNFAIP3 gene polymorphisms and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Management of displaced fractures of the waist of the scaphoid: meta-analyses of  comparative studies.
Preoperative predictors for mortality following hip fracture surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of osteopontin in hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of folic acid supplementation in stroke prevention: new insight from a meta-analysis.
Mechanical bowel preparation for elective colorectal surgery: updated systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Gain-framed messages do not motivate sun protection: a meta-analytic review of randomized trials comparing gain-framed and loss-framed appeals for promoting skin cancer prevention.
The association between waist circumference and risk of mortality considering body mass index in 65- to 74-year-olds: a meta-analysis of 29 cohorts involving more than 58 000 elderly persons.
Size matters: a meta-analysis on the impact of hospital size on patient mortality.
Meta-analysis of self-reported substance use compared with laboratory substance assay in general adult mental health settings.
A systematic review of randomized controlled trials on the theraputic effect of intravenous sodium valproate in status epilepticus.
An ESICM systematic review and meta-analysis of procalcitonin-guided antibiotic therapy algorithms in adult critically ill patients.
Coping strategies and psychological morbidity in family carers of people with dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Can we help just by good intentions? A meta-analysis of experiments on distant intention effects.
Effects of confounders and intermediates on the association of bacteraemia caused by extended-spectrum β-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae and patient outcome: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of navigation vs conventional total knee arthroplasty.
Proximal femoral allograft in revision hip surgery with severe femoral bone loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Combined (mechanical and pharmacological) modalities for the prevention of venous thromboembolism in joint replacement surgery.
MDR1 gene C3435T polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 34 case-control studies.
The effect of different lung-protective strategies in patients during cardiopulmonary bypass: a meta-analysis and semiquantitative review of randomized trials.
Fenoldopam and acute renal failure in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Efficacy of cardiac autonomic denervation for atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Clinical review. Risk factors for low bone mass-related fractures in men: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical review. Comparative effectiveness of drug treatments to prevent fragility fractures: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in the CTLA-4 gene and rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Adjuvant therapy in the treatment of biliary tract cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Capecitabine for the treatment for advanced gastric cancer: efficacy, safety and  ethnicity.
Systematic review of the effect of telmisartan on insulin sensitivity in hypertensive patients with insulin resistance or diabetes.
Are antipsychotics effective for the treatment of anorexia nervosa? Results from  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adverse effects of second-generation antipsychotics in children and adolescents:  a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the comparison between two topical calcineurin inhibitors in atopic dermatitis.
Relative potency of incobotulinumtoxinA vs onabotulinumtoxinA a meta-analysis of  key evidence.
Meta-analysis of the clinical effectiveness of traditional Chinese medicine formula Chaihu-Shugan-San in depression.
Psoriasis and hypertension: a case-control study.
The filaggrin null genotypes R501X and 2282del4 seem not to be associated with psoriasis: results from general population study and meta-analysis.
Comparison of endoscopic papillary large balloon dilation and endoscopic sphincterotomy for retrieval of choledocholithiasis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic value of diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging compared with fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography for pancreatic malignancy: a meta-analysis using a hierarchical regression model.
Treatment of high-frequency gastric electrical stimulation for gastroparesis.
The quantitative relationship between road traffic noise and hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Rapid and effective diagnosis of tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance with Xpert MTB/RIF assay: a meta-analysis.
Performance evaluation of detecting adenovirus by using rapid diagnostic kits among Japanese people.
A comparison of intracoronary with intravenous glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors during percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Laparoendoscopic single-site versus traditional laparoscopic surgery in patients  with cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis.
Rigid or flexible sigmoidoscopy in colorectal clinics? Appraisal through a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fish or long-chain (n-3) PUFA intake is not associated with pancreatic cancer risk in a meta-analysis and systematic review.
An updated systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy of vitamin D food  fortification.
Ultrasonography for detection of disc displacement of temporomandibular joint: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide RNA interference analysis of renal carcinoma survival regulators identifies MCT4 as a Warburg effect metabolic target.
The impact of child tube feeding on maternal emotional state and identity: a qualitative meta-analysis.
Outcomes in distal hypospadias: a systematic review of the Mathieu and tubularized incised plate repairs.
Effectiveness of systemic amoxicillin/metronidazole as an adjunctive therapy to full-mouth scaling and root planing in the treatment of aggressive periodontitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Is there a place for glucosamine in the community pharmacy?].
Contribution of spontaneous improvement to placebo response in depression: a meta-analytic review.
Meta-analysis of the association between preterm delivery and intelligence.
Association of ACE I/D gene polymorphism with vesicoureteral reflux susceptibility in children: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between the insertion/deletion polymorphism in ACE gene and coronary heart disease among the Chinese population.
Association between angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism and diabetic  retinopathy in the Chinese population.
Association of polymorphisms in the AGT gene with essential hypertension in the Chinese population.
Bidirectional association between depression and sexual dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in pregnant and lactating women: a systematic review with dose-response meta-analyses.
Meta-analysis of Chinese medicines for prevention and treatment of radiation esophagitis.
Alignment outcomes in navigated total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Haemoglobinopathies and the clinical epidemiology of malaria: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment outcomes for children with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic study and meta-analysis of C-reactive protein as a predictor of postoperative inflammatory complications after gastroesophageal cancer surgery.
Cancer of unknown primary: does treatment modality make a difference?
Variant genotypes of MDR1 C3435T increase the risk of leukemia: evidence from 10  case-control studies.
A meta-analysis of TET2 mutations shows a distinct distribution pattern in de novo acute myeloid leukemia and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia.
Pregnancy outcomes of liver transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Benefits and risks of using erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs) in lung cancer patients: study-level and patient-level meta-analyses.
A meta-analysis of paclitaxel-based chemotherapies administered once every week compared with once every 3 weeks first-line treatment of advanced non-small-cell  lung cancer.
The effectiveness of sub-group specific manual therapy for low back pain: a systematic review.
[Thrombolysis in acute ischemic stroke in centers lacking a stroke unit: referral to reference center or on-site treatment?].
Meat intake and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of concomitant compared to sequential adjuvant trastuzumab in breast cancer: the sooner the better.
The ACE insertion/deletion polymorphism and its association with metabolic syndrome.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T gene polymorphism and coronary artery disease in a Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of NMDA receptor antagonists for preventing remifentanil-induced increase in postoperative pain and analgesic requirement: a meta-analysis.
Differential effects of paraoxonase 1 (PON1) polymorphisms on cancer risk: evidence from 25 published studies.
XPA A23G polymorphism and susceptibility to cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of IL-10-1082 promoter polymorphism with susceptibility to gastric cancer: evidence from 22 case-control studies.
Association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and osteonecrosis of the femoral head: a meta-analysis.
Common variant (rs9939609) in the FTO gene is associated with metabolic syndrome.
Cytomegalovirus infection and coronary heart disease risk: a meta-analysis.
AIB1 polymorphisms with breast cancer susceptibility: a pooled analysis of variation in BRCA1/2 mutation carriers and non-carriers.
Association of the interleukin-10 1082G/A, 819C/T and 3575T/A gene polymorphisms  with systemic sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Pooled-analysis of the associations between three polymorphisms in the VEGF gene  and age-related macular degeneration.
ERCC1 expression as a prognostic and predictive factor in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between the COMT Val158Met polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 30,199 cases and 38,922 controls.
ACE2 gene polymorphism and essential hypertension: an updated meta-analysis involving 11,051 subjects.
Interactions between CYP1A1 polymorphisms and cigarette smoking are associated with the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: evidence from epidemiological studies.
Association of hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism with gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between α1-antichymotrypsin signal peptide -15A/T polymorphism and the risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 (CYP1A1) gene polymorphisms and cervical cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor ApaI, TaqI, BsmI, and FokI polymorphisms and psoriasis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Role of dopamine receptors in ADHD: a systematic meta-analysis.
Depressive disorder moderates the effect of the FTO gene on body mass index.
Meta-analysis indicates that common variants at the DISC1 locus are not associated with schizophrenia.
[Holmium laser enucleation versus open prostatectomy for large volume benign prostatic hyperplasia: a meta-analysis of the therapeutic effect and safety].
Sex differences in brain activation to emotional stimuli: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
The role of the human ventral striatum and the medial orbitofrontal cortex in the representation of reward magnitude - an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies of passive reward expectancy and outcome processing.
Pesticide exposure and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Effect of soy isoflavones on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of energy and macronutrient intakes during pregnancy in developed countries.
The impact of extended care on the long-term maintenance of weight loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of systemic chemotherapy in the management of resected or resectable colorectal liver metastases: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Recombinant human BMP-2 for the treatment of open tibial fractures.
Bisphosphonates for periprosthetic bone loss after joint arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials.
Pain perception in athletes compared to normally active controls: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
123I-MIBG myocardial scintigraphy for differentiating Parkinson's disease from other neurodegenerative parkinsonism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
LINGO1 rs9652490 and rs11856808 are not associated with the risk of Parkinson's disease: results of a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation of formula and infant cognition.
Cardiovascular risk factors in children and young adults born to preeclamptic pregnancies: a systematic review.
Impact of the UGT1A1*28 allele on response to irinotecan: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gene expression profiles in Parkinson disease prefrontal cortex implicate FOXO1 and genes under its transcriptional regulation.
Anorexia nervosa and the Val158Met polymorphism of the COMT gene: meta-analysis and new data.
The Wartegg Zeichen Test: a literature overview and a meta-analysis of reliability and validity.
Endovascular treatment of intracranial unruptured aneurysms: a systematic review  of the literature on safety with emphasis on subgroup analyses.
Efficacy and safety of convex probe EBUS-TBNA in sarcoidosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of interventions on the body mass index of school-age students.
The impact of cardiopulmonary manifestations on the mortality of SSc: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Trends in mortality in patients with systemic sclerosis over 40 years: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Childhood adversities increase the risk of psychosis: a meta-analysis of patient-control, prospective- and cross-sectional cohort studies.
Quantitative meta-analysis on state and trait aspects of auditory verbal hallucinations in schizophrenia.
Self-recognition deficits in schizophrenia patients with auditory hallucinations: a meta-analysis of the literature.
[Complementary and alternative therapies for fibromyalgia syndrome. Systematic review, meta-analysis and guideline].
[Drug therapy of fibromyalgia syndrome. Systematic review, meta-analysis and guideline].
[Psychotherapy for patients with fibromyalgia syndrome. Systematic review, meta-analysis and guideline].
[Multicomponent therapy of fibromyalgia syndrome. Systematic review, meta-analysis and guideline].
[Physiotherapy and physical therapies for fibromyalgia syndrome. Systematic review, meta-analysis and guideline].
Global trend of survival and damage of systemic lupus erythematosus: meta-analysis and meta-regression of observational studies from the 1950s to 2000s.
Meta-analysis on the performance of sonography for the diagnosis of carpal tunnel syndrome.
Is automatic CPAP titration as effective as manual CPAP titration in OSAHS patients? A meta-analysis.
Prevalence and correlates for sleep complaints in older adults in low and middle  income countries: a 10/66 Dementia Research Group study.
Normal sleep patterns in infants and children: a systematic review of observational studies.
Common and distinct brain networks underlying explicit emotional evaluation: a meta-analytic study.
Decision aid tools to support women's decision making in pregnancy and birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diffusion-weighted MR imaging within 24 h post-injury after traumatic spinal cord injury: a qualitative meta-analysis between T2-weighted imaging and diffusion-weighted MR imaging in 18 patients.
Individual patient data subgroup meta-analysis of surgery for spontaneous supratentorial intracerebral hemorrhage.
Acupuncture for the treatment of cancer pain: a systematic review of randomised clinical trials.
Outpatient and oral antibiotic management of low-risk febrile neutropenia are effective in children--a systematic review of prospective trials.
Impact of marital status and race on outcomes of patients enrolled in Radiation Therapy Oncology Group prostate cancer trials.
Adhesive strips for the closure of surgical incisional sites: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Perioperative immunonutrition for gastrointestinal cancer: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Telemedicine for the reduction of myocardial infarction mortality: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of published studies.
Safety and efficacy of intracoronary adenosine administration in patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Positive pre-resection pleural lavage cytology is associated with increased risk  of lung cancer recurrence in patients undergoing surgical resection: a meta-analysis of 4450 patients.
ABCB1 C3435T polymorphism and risk of adverse clinical events in clopidogrel treated patients: a meta-analysis.
The use of trauma transfusion pathways for blood component transfusion in the civilian population: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transfusion of older stored blood and risk of death: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacogenetic role of ERCC1 genetic variants in treatment response of platinum-based chemotherapy among advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients.
Genetic polymorphisms of ALDH2 and ADH2 are not associated with risk of hepatocellular carcinoma among East Asians.
CYP1B1 Leu432Val polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk among Caucasians: a meta-analysis.
Genetic and environmental influences on neuroimaging phenotypes: a meta-analytical perspective on twin imaging studies.
Effect of varicocelectomy on testicular volume in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of proximal femoral nail anti-rotation versus dynamic hip screw in the treatment of trochanteric fractures].
[Efficacy of pulmonary surfactant therapy in neonates with meconium aspiration syndrome: a meta-analysis].
[A meta analysis of doublets versus single-agent chemotherapy for elderly patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer].
[A meta analysis of radiosensitivity on non-small cell lung cancer by metronidazole amino acidum natrium].
[Change of labor duration:a systematic analysis].
[Comparison of peg-interferon monotherapy to peg-interferon and nucleoside analogue combination therapy for hepatitis B: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
[A diagnostic meta-analysis: sentinel lymph node biopsy for neck metastasis in patients with early oral squamous cell carcinoma].
[Thoraco laparoscopic esophagectomy versus open esophagectomy: a meta-analysis of outcomes].
Atorvastatin therapy reduces serum uric acid levels: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of interleukin-6 circulating levels with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis implementing mendelian randomization approach.
Meta-analysis of sex differences in presbyopia.
Phenytoin versus Leviteracetam for seizure prophylaxis after brain injury - a meta analysis.
[Meta-analysis of mild hypothermia for gestational age over 35-week newborns with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy].
Role of intensive glucose control in development of renal end points in type 2 diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis intensive glucose control  in type 2 diabetes.
Risk of second breast cancer in female Hodgkin's lymphoma survivors: a meta-analysis.
Streptococcus pneumoniae serotype 19A in Latin America and the Caribbean: a systematic review and meta-analysis, 1990-2010.
Association between polymorphisms in the adiponectin gene and cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Primary prevention of overweight in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis of  the effectiveness of interventions aiming to decrease sedentary behaviour.
Association between body mass index and erosive esophagitis: a meta-analysis.
Common variation near CDKN1A, POLD3 and SHROOM2 influences colorectal cancer risk.
Prevalence and trends of the diabetes epidemic in South Asia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of RAGE gene polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes mellitus, diabetic retinopathy and diabetic nephropathy.
A novel locus for body mass index on 5p15.2: a meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies.
Increased incidence of non-Hodgkin lymphoma, leukemia, and myeloma in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
The relationship between urban environment and the inflammatory bowel diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol intake and renal cell cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide meta-analyses of smoking behaviors in African Americans.
Salvage liver transplantation in the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Research synthesis: what is the diagnostic performance of magnetic resonance imaging to discriminate benign from malignant vertebral compression fractures? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
TGFB1 genetic polymorphisms and coronary heart disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Effect of tranexamic acid on surgical bleeding: systematic review and cumulative  meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes of zotarolimus-eluting stents versus the first generation sirolimus-eluting stents and paclitaxel-eluting stents: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Atorvastatin reduces coronary plaque volume in dependence on reductions in low-density lipoprotein: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease on olfaction: a meta-analysis.
Effects of interventions in pregnancy on maternal weight and obstetric outcomes:  meta-analysis of randomised evidence.
Aripiprazole for autism spectrum disorders (ASD).
Pacing for drug-refractory or drug-intolerant hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Nutritional support for liver disease.
Radiotherapy and chemoradiation after surgery for early cervical cancer.
Spiritual and religious interventions for well-being of adults in the terminal phase of disease.
Chinese herbal medicine for endometriosis.
Interventions for non-oliguric hyperkalaemia in preterm neonates.
Early skin-to-skin contact for mothers and their healthy newborn infants.
Bisphosphonates in multiple myeloma: a network meta-analysis.
Inhaled versus systemic corticosteroids for the treatment of chronic lung disease in ventilated very low birth weight preterm infants.
Early administration of inhaled corticosteroids for preventing chronic lung disease in ventilated very low birth weight preterm neonates.
Cognitive-behavioural interventions for children who have been sexually abused.
Training health professionals in smoking cessation.
Association between genetic variants on chromosome 15q25 locus and objective measures of tobacco exposure.
Prevalence of malaria and sexually transmitted and reproductive tract infections  in pregnancy in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review.
Treatment outcomes of patients on second-line antiretroviral therapy in resource-limited settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on effect of cilostazol on restenosis rates and outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention.
Oral direct Factor Xa inhibitors versus low-molecular-weight heparin to prevent venous thromboembolism in patients undergoing total hip or knee replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
DNA methylation screening identifies driver epigenetic events of cancer cell survival.
Risk of arrhythmia and sudden death in patients with asymptomatic preexcitation:  a meta-analysis.
Risk of stroke after transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI): a meta-analysis of 10,037 published patients.
Oxidative stress-related biomarkers in autism: systematic review and meta-analyses.
Toll-like receptor 4 Asp299Gly and Thr399Ile polymorphisms in cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis confirms a role for deletion in FCGR3B in autoimmune phenotypes.
Menopausal hormone therapy and risk of gastrointestinal cancer: nested case-control study within a prospective cohort, and meta-analysis.
Performance of 3-dimensional echocardiography in measuring left ventricular volumes and ejection fraction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter anomalies in Alzheimer's disease and mild  cognitive impairment using anatomic likelihood estimation.
Neural network of primary focal dystonia by an anatomic likelihood estimation meta-analysis of gray matter abnormalities.
Association between 12p13 SNPs rs11833579/rs12425791 near NINJ2 gene and ischemic stroke in East Asian population: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor gene and type 1 diabetes mellitus risk: an update by meta-analysis.
The neural correlates of subjective pleasantness.
A meta-analysis of comparative outcomes following cervical arthroplasty or anterior cervical fusion: results from 4 prospective multicenter randomized clinical trials and up to 1226 patients.
Genome-wide association study of Alzheimer's disease.
A genome-wide meta-analysis of association studies of Cloninger's Temperament Scales.
[Meta-analysis on the relationship between 25-hydroxyvitamin D level and hypertension].
Efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplements (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials.
The prevalence of Chlamydia trachomatis infection in Australia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Foreign bodies in the airways: a meta-analysis of published papers.
A genome-wide approach accounting for body mass index identifies genetic variants influencing fasting glycemic traits and insulin resistance.
Lifestyle interventions for overweight and obese pregnant women to improve pregnancy outcome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of interleukin-1 and interleukin-6 genes on the risk of ischemic stroke in a meta-analysis.
Carboplatin- or cisplatin-based chemotherapy in first-line treatment of small-cell lung cancer: the COCIS meta-analysis of individual patient data.
PAX3/FOXO1 fusion gene status is the key prognostic molecular marker in rhabdomyosarcoma and significantly improves current risk stratification.
Comparing the yields of organic and conventional agriculture.
The effects of acute exercise on cognitive performance: a meta-analysis.
Probiotics for the prevention and treatment of antibiotic-associated diarrhea: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of risk prediction using the CKD-EPI equation and the MDRD study equation for estimated glomerular filtration rate.
Mould-active compared with fluconazole prophylaxis to prevent invasive fungal diseases in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy or haematopoietic stem-cell transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Diagnostic performance of noninvasive myocardial perfusion imaging using single-photon emission computed tomography, cardiac magnetic resonance, and positron emission tomography imaging for the detection of obstructive coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
The effects of knee arthroplasty on walking speed: a meta-analysis.
Brain natriuretic peptide for prediction of mortality in patients with sepsis: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 13 new susceptibility loci for generalized vitiligo.
A subset-based approach improves power and interpretation for the combined analysis of genetic association studies of heterogeneous traits.
Rare and common variants in CARD14, encoding an epidermal regulator of NF-kappaB, in psoriasis.
Risk of cardiovascular serious adverse events associated with varenicline use for tobacco cessation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anterolateral minithoracotomy versus median sternotomy for the treatment of congenital heart defects: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Multiple treatment comparisons in a series of anti-malarial trials with an ordinal primary outcome and repeated treatment evaluations.
Diagnostic accuracy of magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance arthrography for triangular fibrocartilaginous complex injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of anterior cruciate ligament injury prevention training programs.
Efficacy of light-emitting diode versus other light sources for treatment of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of µ-opioid receptor (OPRM1) gene polymorphism with response to naltrexone in alcohol dependence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of cognitive impairment in fall risk among older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cerebral neoplasms in L-2 hydroxyglutaric aciduria: 3 new cases and meta-analysis of literature data.
Epidemiology and pathophysiology of alcohol and breast cancer: Update 2012.
Meta-analysis: the use of carbon dioxide insufflation vs. room air insufflation for gastrointestinal endoscopy.
Meta-analysis: banding ligation and medical interventions for the prevention of rebleeding from oesophageal varices.
Meta-analysis of clinical trials on traditional Chinese herbal medicine for treatment of persistent allergic rhinitis.
Effectiveness of acupuncture in treatment of facial spasm: a meta-analysis.
Effects of vitamin C supplementation on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Breastfeeding after cesarean delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of world literature.
Coffee and tea consumption and the risk of ovarian cancer: a prospective cohort study and updated meta-analysis.
Growth hormone receptor polymorphism and growth hormone therapy response in children: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Adolescents and young adults with acute lymphoblastic leukemia have a better outcome when treated with pediatric-inspired regimens: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of frequent or extended hemodialysis on cardiovascular parameters: a meta-analysis.
COL1A1 association and otosclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Collaborative care to improve the management of depressive disorders: a community guide systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of Raynaud syndrome with thromboangiitis obliterans--a meta-analysis.
Intranasal corticosteroids in management of acute sinusitis: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: beta-blockers versus banding ligation for primary prophylaxis of esophageal variceal bleeding.
Risk factors for breast cancer for women aged 40 to 49 years: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adverse events risk associated with bevacizumab addition to breast cancer chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of a gentamicin impregnated collagen sponge on reducing sternal wound infections following cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of surgical morbidity and recurrence after laparoscopic and open  repair of primary unilateral inguinal hernia.
Triclosan-impregnated sutures to decrease surgical site infections: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Diagnostic value of sentinel lymph node biopsy in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Neoadjuvant/preoperative gemcitabine for patients with localized pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials comparing carotid artery stenting and carotid endarterectomy in the treatment of  carotid stenosis.
Endovascular stent-graft placement or open surgery for the treatment of acute type B aortic dissection: a meta-analysis.
Multiple myeloma: myeloablative therapy with autologous stem cell support versus  chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Uterine artery embolization versus surgery for symptomatic uterine fibroids: a randomized controlled trial and a meta-analysis of the literature.
The role of subacromial decompression in patients undergoing arthroscopic repair  of full-thickness tears of the rotator cuff: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of surgical intervention with functional treatment for acute ruptures  of lateral ankle ligmant: a meta-analysis.
Flavonols intake and the risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Genetic determinants of the ankle-brachial index: a meta-analysis of a cardiovascular candidate gene 50K SNP panel in the candidate gene association resource (CARe) consortium.
Adenosine improves post-procedural coronary flow but not clinical outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of the association between cognitive abilities and everyday functioning in bipolar disorder.
The prevalence of maternal near miss: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of individual patient data to examine factors affecting growth and  rupture of small abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of cutting diathermy versus scalpel for skin  incision.
Tattooing and risk of hepatitis B: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis evaluating stereotactic radiosurgery, whole-brain radiotherapy, or both for patients presenting with a limited number of brain metastases.
Non-platinum regimens of gemcitabine plus docetaxel versus platinum-based regimens in first-line treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis on 9 randomized controlled trials.
The efficacy and safety of melatonin in concurrent chemotherapy or radiotherapy for solid tumors: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Body mass index and colon cancer screening: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prostate stem cell antigen polymorphisms and susceptibility to gastric cancer: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor therapy in autoimmune pulmonary alveolar proteinosis: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Getting the fundamentals of movement: a meta-analysis of the effectiveness of motor skill interventions in children.
Effect of angiotensin receptor blockers in the prevention of type 2 diabetes and  cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Testosterone supplementation in heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes of percutaneous interventions in saphenous vein grafts using drug-eluting stents compared to bare-metal stents: a comprehensive meta-analysisof all randomized clinical trials.
Lack of association between CTLA-4 +49A/G and -318C/T polymorphisms and Behçet's  disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of topical 5-aminosalicylates in preventing relapse of quiescent ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
The role of cyclin D1 expression and patient's survival in non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Tumor marker-guided PET in breast cancer patients-a recipe for a perfect wedding: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of 18F-FDG PET/CT for diagnosing inguinal lymph node involvement in penile squamous cell carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Body weight-dependent pharmacokinetics of busulfan in paediatric haematopoietic stem cell transplantation patients: towards individualized dosing.
The relationship between drug clearance and body size: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature published from 2000 to 2007.
Utility of interferon-γ release assay results to monitor anti-tubercular treatment in adults and children.
The effect of levodopa on pulmonary function in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Estimating the risks of acquiring a kidney abroad: a meta-analysis of complications following participation in transplant tourism.
Impact of post-transplant anemia on patient and graft survival rates after kidney transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Combination of low-dose bupivacaine and opioids provides satisfactory analgesia with less intraoperative hypotension for spinal anesthesia in cesarean section.
TIMI, GRACE and alternative risk scores in Acute Coronary Syndromes: a meta-analysis of 40 derivation studies on 216,552 patients and of 42 validation studies on 31,625 patients.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials of thyroid hormone administration to brain dead potential organ donors.
Meta-analysis of subclavian insertion and nontunneled central venous catheter-associated infection risk reduction in critically ill adults.
Threshold-independent meta-analysis of Alzheimer's disease transcriptomes shows progressive changes in hippocampal functions, epigenetics and microRNA regulation.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing pioglitazone versus metformin in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome.
Annualized relapse rate of first-line treatments for multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis, including indirect comparisons versus fingolimod.
Systematic review of efficacy and safety of buprenorphine versus fentanyl or morphine in patients with chronic moderate to severe pain.
Widowhood and mortality: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Bidirectional association between depression and metabolic syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Metabolic control and risk of hypoglycaemia during the first year of intensive insulin treatment in type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of significant interactions between clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitor therapy: meta-analysis of existing literature.
Meta-analysis: the impact of nutritional status on the immune response to hepatitis B virus vaccine in chronic kidney disease.
A meta-analysis of the effectiveness of the opioid receptor antagonist alvimopan  in reducing hospital length of stay and time to GI recovery in patients enrolled  in a standardized accelerated recovery program after abdominal surgery.
A diagnostic accuracy meta-analysis of endoanal ultrasound and MRI for perianal fistula assessment.
The effect of KCNJ11 polymorphism on the risk of type 2 diabetes: a global meta-analysis based on 49 case-control studies.
Absence of association between transforming growth factor B1 polymorphisms and gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
IGF2BP2 genetic variation and type 2 diabetes: a global meta-analysis.
SULT1A1 Arg213His polymorphism, smoked meat, and breast cancer risk: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Gender and duration of untreated psychosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Work-related respiratory symptoms and lung function among solderers in the electronics industry: a meta-analysis.
[Systematic review and meta-analysis of the prevalence of overweight and obesity  among school-age children in Italy].
Probiotics supplementation during pregnancy or infancy for the prevention of atopic dermatitis: a meta-analysis.
Off-pump vs. on-pump coronary artery bypass surgery: an updated meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized trials.
Low intensity blood flow restriction training: a meta-analysis.
Annual or biennial CT screening versus observation in heavy smokers: 5-year results of the MILD trial.
A meta-analysis on alcohol drinking and the risk of Hodgkin lymphoma.
Meta-analysis of contribution of genetic polymorphisms in drug-metabolizing enzymes or transporters to axitinib pharmacokinetics.
Increased major bleeding risk in patients with kidney dysfunction receiving enoxaparin: a meta-analysis.
Effect of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents in acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a systematic review.
Statins and associated risk of pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Association between bone mineral density and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Can oral 5-aminosalicylic acid be administered once daily in the treatment of mild-to-moderate ulcerative colitis? A meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
Low-dose heparin in the prevention of post endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gender and survival in patients with heart failure: interactions with diabetes and aetiology. Results from the MAGGIC individual patient meta-analysis.
Nocebo in fibromyalgia: meta-analysis of placebo-controlled clinical trials and implications for practice.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of "inside-out" versus "outside-in" transobturator tapes in management of stress urinary incontinence in women.
Meta-analysis of the prevalence of Leber hereditary optic neuropathy mtDNA mutations in Europe.
Accuracy of multi-slice computed tomography for measurement of left ventricular ejection fraction compared with cardiac magnetic resonance imaging and two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of ¹⁸FDG-PET-CT, ¹⁸FDG-PET, MRI and bone scintigraphy for diagnosis of bone metastases in patients with lung cancer.
Computer tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, and positron emission tomography or positron emission tomography/computer tomography for detection of metastatic lymph nodes in patients with ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for surgical site infections after breast surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessment of immunochemotherapy and stem cell transplantation on EBV-associated  hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis in children: a systematic review and meta analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the use of phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors alone or in combination with α-blockers for lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Association between left atrial size and atrial fibrillation recurrence after single circumferential pulmonary vein isolation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Risk of anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody-related hypomagnesemia: systematic review and pooled analysis of randomized studies.
Are proton pump inhibitors associated with the development of community-acquired  pneumonia? A meta-analysis.
The use of recombinant luteinizing hormone in patients undergoing assisted reproductive techniques with advanced reproductive age: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Post-operative gait analysis in total hip replacement patients-a review of current literature and meta-analysis.
Effect of the introducer technique compared with the pull technique on the peristomal infection rate in PEG: a meta-analysis.
Smoking and genetic risk variation across populations of European, Asian, and African American ancestry--a meta-analysis of chromosome 15q25.
Association between the PPARG gene polymorphism and the risk of diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
High-risk human papillomavirus testing versus cytology in predicting post-treatment disease in women treated for high-grade cervical disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Family history of liver cancer and hepatocellular carcinoma.
Strong protective effect of the aldehyde dehydrogenase gene (ALDH2) 504lys (*2) allele against alcoholism and alcohol-induced medical diseases in Asians.
Association of tumor necrosis factor-α gene promoter polymorphisms (-308G/A, -238G/A) with recurrent spontaneous abortion: a meta-analysis.
Genotypic variants at 2q33 and risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in China: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Aromatase inhibitors for PCOS: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
IL1RN genetic variations and risk of IPF: a meta-analysis and mRNA expression study.
Effects of music on systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and heart  rate: a meta-analysis.
The association between the functional PTPN22 1858 C/T and MIF -173 C/G polymorphisms and juvenile idiopathic arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Flexible ureteroscopy and holmium:YAG laser lithotripsy for stone disease in patients with bleeding diathesis: a systematic review of the literature.
Efficacy and safety of liver transplantation in patients with cholangiocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of exercise stress testing for coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Meta-analysis of the association between progression-free survival and overall survival in metastatic colorectal cancer.
Effectiveness of heart failure management programmes with nurse-led discharge planning in reducing re-admissions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of Web-based lifestyle modification on weight control: a meta-analysis.
NAT2 polymorphisms and susceptibility to anti-tuberculosis drug-induced liver injury: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes as a risk factor for dementia and mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Evaluating vigilance deficits in ADHD: a meta-analysis of CPT performance.
Effects of acupuncture on the outcomes of in vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Advancing maternal age is associated with increasing risk for autism: a review and meta-analysis.
The impact of transurethral procedures for benign prostate hyperplasia on male sexual function: a meta-analysis.
Do other-reports of counterproductive work behavior provide an incremental contribution over self-reports? A meta-analytic comparison.
A meta-analysis of the Dark Triad and work behavior: a social exchange perspective.
The criterion-related validity of integrity tests: an updated meta-analysis.
Comparison of rectal and aural core body temperature thermometry in hyperthermic, exercising individuals: a meta-analysis.
How oppositionality, inattention, and hyperactivity affect response to atomoxetine versus methylphenidate: a pooled meta-analysis.
Consistency of fracture risk reduction in Japanese and Caucasian osteoporosis patients treated with teriparatide: a meta-analysis.
Use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and risk of fracture: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Thirty years of prophylactic cranial irradiation in patients with small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
The prognostic value of elevated vascular endothelial growth factor in patients with osteosarcoma: a meta-analysis and systemic review.
Effectiveness and safety of pemetrexed-based doublet versus pemetrexed alone as second-line treatment for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Robust meta-analytic conclusions mandate the provision of prediction intervals in meta-analysis summaries.
Serum mesothelin for diagnosing malignant pleural mesothelioma: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Mucinous subtype as prognostic factor in colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Medial orbital wall fractures and the transcaruncular approach.
Is obesity an indicator of complications and mortality in acute pancreatitis? An  updated meta-analysis.
IgE-mediated allergy: a rare cause of chronic spontaneous urticarial with allergen-specific immunotherapy as treatment option - a systematic review with meta-analysis from China.
Prognostic role of sentinel node biopsy in patients with thick melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Polarity correspondence in metaphor congruency effects: structural overlap predicts categorization times for bipolar concepts presented in vertical space.
Meta-analysis for evaluating the accuracy of endoscopy with narrow band imaging in detecting colorectal adenomas.
Meta-analysis of histopathological features of primary colorectal cancers that predict lymph node metastases.
Volume-outcome relationship in surgery for esophageal malignancy: systematic review and meta-analysis 2000-2011.
Device-guided breathing exercises in the control of human blood pressure: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Depression increases the risk of hypertension incidence: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
The safety of direct trocar versus Veress needle for laparoscopic entry: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Multilevel interventions and racial/ethnic health disparities.
Effect of administration route on the renal safety of contrast agents: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Posttraumatic stress disorder associated with combat service in Iraq or Afghanistan: reconciling prevalence differences between studies.
Computed tomographic angiography versus digital subtraction angiography for the postoperative detection of residual aneurysms: a single-institution series and meta-analysis.
Thrombolytic therapy for ischaemic stroke in patients using warfarin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of predictors of seizure freedom in the surgical management of focal cortical dysplasia.
Rates and predictors of long-term seizure freedom after frontal lobe epilepsy surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of minimally invasive discectomy compared with open discectomy: a meta-analysis of prospective randomized controlled trials.
Long-term clinical and angiographic outcomes in patients with cervico-cranial dissections treated with stent placement: a meta-analysis of case series.
The effects of fructose intake on serum uric acid vary among controlled dietary trials.
HPV testing in primary cervical screening: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long working hours and cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Non-syndromic multiple supernumerary teeth: meta-analysis.
Academic, physical, and social functioning of children and adolescents with chronic physical illness: a meta-analysis.
Thoracoscopic vs open resection of congenital lung lesions: a meta-analysis.
Mapping vulnerability to bipolar disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of neuroimaging studies.
Second generation antipsychotics in the treatment of bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relative risk of cervical cancer in indigenous women in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United States: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Independent replication and meta analysis of association studies establish TNFSF4 as a susceptibility gene preferentially associated with the subset of anticentromere-positive patients with systemic sclerosis.
A meta-analysis of percutaneous compression plate versus sliding hip screw for the management of intertrochanteric fractures of the hip.
Subglottic secretion drainage for preventing ventilator-associated pneumonia: an  updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The impact of varicocelectomy on sperm parameters: a meta-analysis.
Early thrombus removal strategies for acute deep venous thrombosis: clinical practice guidelines of the Society for Vascular Surgery and the American Venous Forum.
Treatment of acute iliofemoral deep vein thrombosis.
CMR imaging assessing viability in patients with chronic ventricular dysfunction  due to coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of prospective trials.
Body mass index and susceptibility to knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic lymphadenectomy for survival in patients with endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Head-to-head comparison of accuracy of a rapid point-of-care HIV test with oral versus whole-blood specimens: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anal human papillomavirus infection and associated neoplastic lesions in men who  have sex with men: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dexamethasone and postoperative bleeding after tonsillectomy and adenotonsillectomy in children: A meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Efficacy of Er:YAG laser in the treatment of chronic periodontitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-relapse mortality in pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacotherapy alone vs endoscopic variceal ligation combination for secondary prevention of oesophageal variceal bleeding: meta-analysis.
Parity and risk of lung cancer in women: systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
ENPP1 K121Q polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Chinese population:  a meta-analysis including 11,855 subjects.
Replication and meta-analysis of the gene-environment interaction between body mass index and the interleukin-6 promoter polymorphism with higher insulin resistance.
Totally laparoscopic gastrectomy for gastric cancer: meta-analysis of short-term  outcomes.
Quantitative assessment of the effect of MTHFR polymorphisms on the risk of lung  carcinoma.
Transforming growth factor-β1 gene +869T/C, but not +915G/C polymorphism is associated with essential hypertension in a Chinese patient cohort.
Intercellular adhesion molecule 1 gene K469E polymorphism is associated with coronary heart disease risk: a meta-analysis involving 12 studies.
Association between ATM polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and bone mineral density in Chinese women.
Genetic variants in FTO associated with metabolic syndrome: a meta- and gene-based analysis.
Association between paraoxonase 2 Ser311Cys polymorphism and ischemic stroke risk: a meta-analysis involving 5,008 subjects.
The association between the mannose-binding lectin codon 54 polymorphism and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis update.
Association between the CTLA-4 +49 A/G polymorphism and susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Association of C47T polymorphism in SOD2 gene with coronary artery disease: a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Bone morphogenetic protein-4 polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta analysis.
Lymphatic microvessel density as a prognostic factor in non-small cell lung carcinoma: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Polymorphism of vascular endothelial growth factor -1154G>A (rs1570360) with cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 16 case-control studies.
Association between the XRCC3 polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: meta-analysis based on case-control studies.
Meta-analysis of association between cytokine gene polymorphisms and lung cancer  risk.
Lack of association between MDR1 C3435T polymorphism and chemotherapy response in advanced breast cancer patients: evidence from current studies.
Interleukin 1 beta -511 C/T gene polymorphism and susceptibility to febrile seizures: a meta-analysis.
The effect of gender in clinically isolated syndrome (CIS): a meta-analysis.
The hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism contributes to cancer susceptibility: evidence from 83 case-control studies.
The interleukin-10-1082 promoter polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The role of alcohol dehydrogenase genes in head and neck cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis of ADH1B and ADH1C.
p73 G4C14-to-A4T14 gene polymorphism and interaction with p53 exon 4 Arg72Pro on  cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of the literature.
[Efficacy of antioxidants in treatment of nonalcoholic fatty liver: a systematic  review].
A genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies new childhood obesity loci.
Accuracy of computed tomography angiography in detecting the underlying vascular  abnormalities for spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage: a comparative study and meta-analysis.
Ozagrel for acute ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis of data from randomized controlled trials.
APOE ε4 and cognitive function in early life: a meta-analysis.
Increasing body weight and risk of limitations in activities of daily living: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of male-only weight loss and weight loss maintenance interventions: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Gastrointestinal symptoms and obesity: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of antiviral agents for the prevention of recurrent herpes labialis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacological management of pain during orthodontic treatment: a meta-analysis.
Motion analysis of single-level cervical total disc arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Clinical Outcomes After Computer-assisted Versus Conventional Total Knee Arthroplasty.
Preoperative vascular evaluation with computed tomography and magnetic resonance  imaging for pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of oropharyngeal dysphagia in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic treatment of repetitive behaviors in autism spectrum disorders: evidence of publication bias.
Evidence of the physiotherapeutic interventions used currently after exercise-induced muscle damage: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of data from human ex vivo placental perfusion studies on genotoxic and immunotoxic agents within the integrated European project NewGeneris.
Six novel susceptibility Loci for early-onset androgenetic alopecia and their unexpected association with common diseases.
Theories of the syllogism: A meta-analysis.
The psychosocial correlates of quality of life in the dialysis population: a systematic review and meta-regression analysis.
Efficacy of topical antifungal drugs in different dermatomycoses: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of coronary artery bypass surgery compared to percutaneous transluminal angioplasty with stent in diabetic patients].
The CD226 gene in susceptibility of rheumatoid arthritis in the Chinese Han population.
Interleukin-23 receptor genetic polymorphisms and ankylosing spondylitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Relationships of HLA-B51 or B5 genotype with Behcet's disease clinical characteristics: systematic review and meta-analyses of observational studies.
Needle acupuncture for osteoarthritis of the knee. A systematic review and updated meta-analysis.
Gallstone disease is associated with rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Amygdala recruitment in schizophrenia in response to aversive emotional material: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Structural correlates of auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of emotion perception and functional outcomes in schizophrenia.
Acute effects of electromagnetic fields emitted by GSM mobile phones on subjective well-being and physiological reactions: a meta-analysis.
The impact of beta-blockers on mortality in stable angina: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence and genotype distribution of cervical human papillomavirus infection among female sex workers in Asia: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Bridging therapy in acute ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Staple versus fibrin glue fixation in laparoscopic total extraperitoneal repair of inguinal hernia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Single-incision laparoscopic surgery (SILS) vs. conventional multiport cholecystectomy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of subcentimeter margin on outcome after hepatic resection for colorectal  metastases: a meta-regression approach.
Effectiveness of testing for genetic susceptibility to smoking-related diseases on smoking cessation outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of imaging parameters in the prediction of lethal pulmonary hypoplasia secondary to mid-trimester prelabor rupture of fetal membranes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the studies of bleeding complications of platelets pathogen-reduced with the Intercept system.
Somatostatin analogues for the treatment of enterocutaneous fistulas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the incidence of incisional hernia at the  site of stoma closure.
Hyaluronic acid derivatives and their healing effect on burns, epithelial surgical wounds, and chronic wounds: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Pulsed electromagnetic field therapy for the treatment of knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review].
[Stable coronary heart disease: a choice for PCI or drug therapy--inspiration from results of a new meta-analysis].
[A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trails : adjuvant interferon therapy for hepatocellular carcinoma].
[Efficacy and safety of a protease inhibitor with pegylated interferon and ribavirin in patients with untreated chronic hepatitis C: a meta analysis].
Meta-analysis of internet-delivered interventions to increase physical activity levels.
Meta-analysis identifies six new susceptibility loci for atrial fibrillation.
Prevalence and risk of violence against adults with disabilities: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Laparoscopic distal pancreatectomy is as safe and feasible as open procedure: a meta-analysis.
Botulinum toxin A for prophylactic treatment of migraine and tension headaches in adults: a meta-analysis.
Drug-eluting vs bare-metal stents in primary angioplasty: a pooled patient-level  meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Current trial-associated outcomes with warfarin in prevention of stroke in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Second generation endometrial ablation techniques for heavy menstrual bleeding: network meta-analysis.
Intravenous magnesium prevents atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting: a meta-analysis of 7 double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trials.
Treatment of endometriosis in different ethnic populations: a meta-analysis of two clinical trials.
Effects of telmisartan on C-reactive protein levels: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Manual small incision cataract surgery (MSICS) with posterior chamber intraocular lens versus extracapsular cataract extraction (ECCE) with posterior chamber intraocular lens for age-related cataract.
Thalidomide for managing cancer cachexia.
Interventions for preventing excessive weight gain during pregnancy.
Interventions for restoring patency of occluded central venous catheter lumens.
Catheter ablation for paroxysmal and persistent atrial fibrillation.
Patellar taping for patellofemoral pain syndrome in adults.
Interventions for improving outcomes in patients with multimorbidity in primary care and community settings.
Steroidal contraceptives: effect on carbohydrate metabolism in women without diabetes mellitus.
Nicotine receptor partial agonists for smoking cessation.
Household interventions for preventing domestic lead exposure in children.
Combined DTP-HBV-HIB vaccine versus separately administered DTP-HBV and HIB vaccines for primary prevention of diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, hepatitis B and Haemophilus influenzae B (HIB).
Interventions to promote the wearing of hearing protection.
Treatment for mitochondrial disorders.
Treatment for cramps in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease.
Anticholinergic therapy for acute asthma in children.
Intravenous secretin for autism spectrum disorders (ASD).
Prophylactic drug management for febrile seizures in children.
Late (≥ 7 days) inhalation corticosteroids to reduce bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants.
Corticosteroids for treating optic neuritis.
Operative versus nonoperative care of displaced midshaft clavicular fractures: a  meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing intracoronary and intravenous administration of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction.
Genome-wide association study in multiple human prion diseases suggests genetic risk factors additional to PRNP.
Why farmers adopt best management practice in the United States: a meta-analysis  of the adoption literature.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies 56 bone mineral density loci and reveals 14  loci associated with risk of fracture.
Can immune cell function assay identify patients at risk of infection or rejection? A meta-analysis.
Stent thrombosis with drug-eluting and bare-metal stents: evidence from a comprehensive network meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk: a systematic meta-analysis.
Relationship between hepatitis C virus infection and type 2 diabetes mellitus: meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis for cyclin E in lung cancer survival.
A meta-analysis of pro-inflammatory cytokines in the plasma of epileptic patients with recent seizure.
Association between apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism and the risk of vascular dementia: a meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of antihypertensive medication for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease: systematic review and multiple treatments meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of antibiotics compared with appendicectomy for treatment of  uncomplicated acute appendicitis: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Survival benefit of new anticoagulants compared with warfarin in patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Telmisartan improves insulin sensitivity: a meta-analysis of randomized head-to-head trials.
Outcomes of patients receiving clopidogrel prior to cardiac surgery.
Network meta-analysis of margin threshold for women with ductal carcinoma in situ.
Accuracy of rapid influenza diagnostic tests: a meta-analysis.
Antivirals for treatment of influenza: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
No consistent evidence for association between mtDNA variants and Alzheimer disease.
Sunlight exposure is important for preventing hip fractures in patients with Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, or stroke.
RSA prediction of high failure rate for the uncoated Interax TKA confirmed by meta-analysis.
Social cognition in euthymic bipolar disorder: systematic review and meta-analytic approach.
A meta-analysis of executive dysfunctions in unipolar major depressive disorder without psychotic symptoms and their changes during antidepressant treatment.
DIEP flap donor site versus elective abdominoplasty short-term complication rates: a meta-analysis.
Cerebrovascular hemodynamics in Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia: a meta-analysis of transcranial Doppler studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of high protein oral nutritional supplements.
Patterns of condom use among men who have sex with men in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of HIV type 1 DNA levels on spontaneous disease progression: a meta-analysis.
Exercise intervention and inflammatory markers in coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of transradial and femoral approaches for percutaneous coronary interventions: a systematic review and hierarchical Bayesian meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of long-term outcomes for drug-eluting stents versus bare-metal stents in primary percutaneous coronary interventions for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.
Effects of n-3 PUFA supplementation on plasma soluble adhesion molecules: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Proton pump inhibitors vs. histamine 2 receptor antagonists for stress-related mucosal bleeding prophylaxis in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of harm in the pharmacotherapy of irritable bowel syndrome.
Effects of low-intensity pulsed ultrasound therapy on fracture healing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Palliative resections versus palliative bypass procedures in pancreatic cancer--a systematic review.
Preservation solutions for static cold storage of kidney allografts: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hepatocellular carcinomas and primary liver tumors as predictive factors for postoperative mortality after liver resection: a meta-analysis of more than 35,000 hepatic resections.
Dexamethasone for the prophylaxis of postoperative nausea and vomiting associated with neuraxial morphine administration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body mass index, abdominal fatness and pancreatic cancer risk: a systematic review and non-linear dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Oral antidiabetic drugs and regression from prediabetes to normoglycemia: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of complications associated with acellular  dermal matrix-assisted breast reconstruction.
Rate versus rhythm control in atrial fibrillation and clinical outcomes: updated  systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Combination treatments for psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adverse cardiovascular effects of concomitant use of proton pump inhibitors and clopidogrel in patients with coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of cemented versus uncemented hemiarthroplasty for displaced femoral neck fractures in older patients.
Nasal intermittent positive-pressure ventilation vs nasal continuous positive airway pressure for preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of botulinum toxin sphincteric injections in the treatment of incomplete voiding after spinal cord injury.
Wound healing and infection in surgery. The clinical impact of smoking and smoking cessation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Violence as a risk factor for postpartum depression in mothers: a meta-analysis.
Anatomic Bankart repair compared with nonoperative treatment and/or arthroscopic  lavage for first-time traumatic shoulder dislocation.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on endothelial function: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The angiographic and clinical outcomes after coronary stenting in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Effects of coenzyme Q10 on vascular endothelial function in humans: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between MTHFR polymorphisms and orofacial clefts risk: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphism near the ATP2B1 gene is associated with hypertension risk in East Asians: a meta-analysis involving 15 909 cases and 18 529 controls.
Antibiotic-impregnated catheters for the prevention of CSF shunt infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cyclosporin variably and inconsistently reduces infarct size in experimental models of reperfused myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Phenomenology of depression in older compared with younger adults: meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials of self-expanding metallic stents as a bridge to surgery versus emergency surgery for malignant left-sided large bowel obstruction.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of follow-up after hepatectomy for colorectal liver metastases.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of antibiotic prophylaxis to prevent infections from chest drains in blunt and penetrating thoracic injuries.
A systematic review of breast cancer incidence risk prediction models with meta-analysis of their performance.
Suicidal behaviours in affective disorders: a deficit of cognitive inhibition?
The volume-outcome relation in the surgical treatment of esophageal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of the BRAF(V600E) mutation with prognostic factors and poor clinical outcome in papillary thyroid cancer: a meta-analysis.
Carbohydrates, glycemic index, glycemic load, and colorectal cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Polymorphisms in the folate-metabolizing genes MTR, MTRR, and CBS and breast cancer risk.
Paraoxonase 1 genetic polymorphisms and susceptibility to breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Variants of the MTHFR gene and susceptibility to acute lymphoblastic leukemia in  children: a synthesis of genetic association studies.
Cyclin D1 (CCND1) G870A gene polymorphism is an ethnicity-dependent risk factor for digestive tract cancers: a meta-analysis comprising 20,271 subjects.
Is adjuvant radiotherapy needed after curative resection of extrahepatic biliary  tract cancers? A systematic review with a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy of cardioversion by vernakalant and comparators in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Inside out transobturator vaginal tape versus tention-free vaginal tape for primary female stress urinary incontinence: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Ablation of atrial fibrillation under therapeutic warfarin reduces periprocedural complications: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Associations between incident ischemic stroke events and stroke and cardiovascular disease-related genome-wide association studies single nucleotide  polymorphisms in the Population Architecture Using Genomics and Epidemiology study.
Genome-wide screen for metabolic syndrome susceptibility Loci reveals strong lipid gene contribution but no evidence for common genetic basis for clustering of metabolic syndrome traits.
A genome-wide association study for coronary artery disease identifies a novel susceptibility locus in the major histocompatibility complex.
The prognostic value of N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide in non-ST elevation acute coronary syndromes: a meta-analysis.
Transmission of hepatitis C virus infection through tattooing and piercing: a critical review.
Hepatitis C virus infection and kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
Does anodal transcranial direct current stimulation enhance excitability of the motor cortex and motor function in healthy individuals and subjects with stroke:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of aerobic exercise, diet or both on lipids and lipoproteins in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The association of tooth loss with all-cause and circulatory mortality. Is there  a benefit of replaced teeth? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Survival of atraumatic restorative treatment (ART) sealants and restorations: a meta-analysis.
Impact of delay in diagnosis on survival to head and neck carcinomas: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Effect of molecular weight and substitution on tissue uptake of hydroxyethyl starch: a meta-analysis of clinical studies.
Predictors of upper limb recovery after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CCND1 G870A polymorphism is associated with increased risk of colorectal cancer,  especially for sporadic colorectal cancer and in Caucasians: a meta-analysis.
Risk of lymphoma in patients receiving antitumor necrosis factor therapy: a meta-analysis of published randomized controlled studies.
Network analysis of randomized controlled trials in multiple sclerosis.
The role of antidepressants in the management of fibromyalgia syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Robotic resection compared with laparoscopic rectal resection for cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of short-term outcome.
The diagnostic accuracy of chromoendoscopy for dysplasia in ulcerative colitis: meta-analysis of six randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing excimer laser and phakic  intraocular lenses for myopia between 6.0 and 20.0 diopters.
On-admission serum uric acid predicts outcomes after acute myocardial infarction: systematic review and meta-analysis of prognostic studies.
CFB/C2 gene polymorphisms and risk of age-related macular degeneration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Retinal arteriolar diameter and the prevalence and incidence of hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis of their association.
Meta-analysis of α2-adrenergic agonists versus carbonic anhydrase inhibitors as adjunctive therapy.
The clinical importance of quality-of-life scores in patients with skull base tumors: a meta-analysis and review of the literature.
CYP1A1 Ile462Val is a risk factor for ovarian cancer development.
Brain development of very preterm and very low-birthweight children in childhood  and adolescence: a meta-analysis.
Fish Consumption and Incidence of Diabetes: meta-analysis of data from 438,000 individuals in 12 independent prospective cohorts with an average 11-year follow-up.
Fish consumption, dietary long-chain n-3 fatty acids, and risk of type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Effects of renin-angiotensin system blockades on cardiovascular outcomes in patients with diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of current treatments on liver disease, glucose metabolism and cardiovascular risk in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Association of genetic variation in FTO with risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes  with data from 96,551 East and South Asians.
A meta-analysis of interleukin-10-1082 promoter polymorphism associated with gastric cancer risk.
Meta-analysis of epidermal growth factor polymorphisms and cancer risk: involving 9,779 cases and 15,932 controls.
Meta-analysis of the NAD(P)H: quinine oxidoreductase 1 gene 609 C>T polymorphism  with esophageal cancer risk.
Prevalence of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in substance use disorder  patients: a meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis.
Underestimation of left atrial volume by three-dimensional echocardiography validated by magnetic resonance imaging: a meta-analysis and investigation of the source of bias.
A meta-analysis of white matter changes in temporal lobe epilepsy as studied with diffusion tensor imaging.
Comparison of drug-eluting stents with bare metal stents in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.
Acute coronary syndromes in human immunodeficiency virus patients: a meta-analysis investigating adverse event rates and the role of antiretroviral therapy.
Remifentanil for labour analgesia: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Can early implementation of salvage radiotherapy for prostate cancer improve the  therapeutic ratio? A systematic review and regression meta-analysis with radiobiological modelling.
Effect of magnesium supplementation on blood pressure: a meta-analysis.
Treatments for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: summarising current information by network meta-analysis.
Beneficial effect of real-time continuous glucose monitoring system on glycemic control in type 1 diabetic patients: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Platelet count/spleen diameter ratio to predict the presence of esophageal varices in patients with cirrhosis: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of observational studies on cholecystectomy and the risk of colorectal adenoma.
Iron supplementation for the treatment of chronic heart failure and iron deficiency: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A statistical method for region-based meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in genetically diverse populations.
Mortality in Cushing's syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
ADIPOQ gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to polycystic ovary syndrome: a HuGE survey and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of serotonin transporter gene promoter polymorphism (5-HTTLPR) association with antidepressant efficacy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of vagus nerve stimulation in the treatment of depression: variable results based on study designs.
Prevalence of heterotopic ossification after cervical total disc arthroplasty: a  meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus and incidence and mortality of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Is there a place for corifollitropin alfa in IVF/ICSI cycles? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body mass index increases risk for colorectal adenomas based on meta-analysis.
Association between tumor necrosis factor-α-308G/A polymorphism and obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
[Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity and the risk of preterm birth: a systematic overview of cohort studies with meta-analysis].
Efficacy of oral or intrauterine device-delivered progestin in patients with complex endometrial hyperplasia with atypia or early endometrial adenocarcinoma:  a meta-analysis and systematic review of the literature.
Sternocleidomastoid muscle flap in preventing Frey's syndrome after parotidectomy: a systematic review.
How effective are short message service reminders at increasing clinic attendance? A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Translational phases of evidence in a prognostic biomarker: a systematic review and meta-analysis of natriuretic peptides and the prognosis of stable coronary disease.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy after simple closure of perforated duodenal ulcer.
Albumin infusion in patients undergoing large-volume paracentesis: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of phase III randomized trials of molecular targeted therapies for  advanced pancreatic cancer.
Meta-analysis of one- vs. two-stage laparoscopic/endoscopic management of common  bile duct stones.
Effect of fructose on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials.
Ursodeoxycholic acid in patients with ulcerative colitis and primary sclerosing cholangitis for prevention of colon cancer: a meta-analysis.
Study of parameters to ensure quality control in histopathology reporting: a meta-analysis at a tertiary care center.
Increased risk of hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with diabetes mellitus: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Influence of coronary calcification on the diagnostic accuracy of 64-slice computed tomography coronary angiography: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of clinical efficacy and safety between denosumab and alendronate in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis: a meta-analysis.
Association between the Interleukin 10-1082G>A polymorphism and coronary heart disease risk in a Caucasian population: a meta-analysis.
Associations of IL-23R polymorphisms with ankylosing spondylitis in East Asian population: a new case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of agomelatine in major depressive disorder: meta-analysis and appraisal.
Does the frequency of follow-up assessments affect clinical trial outcome? A meta-analysis and meta-regression of placebo-controlled randomized trials.
Living successfully with aphasia: a qualitative meta-analysis of the perspectives of individuals with aphasia, family members, and speech-language pathologists.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the prevalence of chlamydia, gonorrhoea  and syphilis in incarcerated persons.
Bayesian meta-analysis on medical devices: application to implantable cardioverter defibrillators.
Polymorphisms in the SLC11A1 gene and tuberculosis risk: a meta-analysis update.
Linezolid for the treatment of complicated drug-resistant tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Operative versus nonoperative treatment for acute Achilles tendon rupture: a meta-analysis based on current evidence.
Efficacy and safety of desmopressin for treatment of nocturia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of double-blinded trials.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism and essential  hypertension in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis including 21,058 participants.
Periorbital infections after Dermabond closure of traumatic lacerations in three  children.
Association between the TPH1 A218C polymorphism and risk of mood disorders and alcohol dependence: evidence from the current studies.
Gray matter abnormalities in Major Depressive Disorder: a meta-analysis of voxel  based morphometry studies.
ECT efficacy and treatment course: a systematic review and meta-analysis of twice vs thrice weekly schedules.
Hemiarthroplasty vs primary total hip arthroplasty for displaced fractures of the femoral neck in the elderly: a meta-analysis.
Computer navigation vs extramedullary guide for sagittal alignment of tibial components: radiographic study and meta-analysis.
Gender differences among children with ADHD on continuous performance tests: a meta-analytic review.
Intermittent androgen blockade or continuous androgen blockade in advanced prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of efficacy, quality of life and side effects.
The functional MDM2 T309G genetic variant but not P53 Arg72Pro polymorphism is associated with risk of sarcomas: a meta-analysis.
Topotecan plus carboplatin and paclitaxel in first-line treatment of advanced ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk of rash in cancer patients treated with vandetanib: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of urea breath test, rapid urea test, and histology for Helicobacter pylori infection in patients with partial gastrectomy: a meta-analysis.
Computed tomographic angiography for patients with acute spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage.
Effect of long-acting beta-agonists on the frequency of COPD exacerbations: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the comparative efficacy and safety of pitavastatin and atorvastatin in patients with dyslipidaemia.
D-cycloserine augmentation of behavioral therapy for the treatment of anxiety disorders: a meta-analysis.
Are antipsychotics or antidepressants needed for psychotic depression? A systematic review and meta-analysis of trials comparing antidepressant or antipsychotic monotherapy with combination treatment.
Tobacco use before, at, and after first-episode psychosis: a systematic meta-analysis.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in schizophrenia: ready for practice or a good start? A meta-analysis.
Eicosapentaenoic acid interventions in schizophrenia: meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled studies.
Combination of antidepressants in the treatment of major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Iron replacement therapy in inflammatory bowel disease patients with iron deficiency anemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Once-daily versus multiple-daily mesalamine for patients with ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of food safety training on hand hygiene knowledge and attitudes among food handlers.
Association of tumor necrosis factor-α gene promoter polymorphism at sites -308 and -238 with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a meta-analysis.
Omega-3 supplementation and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Strong association of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene C677T polymorphism with hypertension and hypertension-in-pregnancy in Chinese: a meta-analysis.
Multicohort genomewide association study reveals a new signal of protection against HIV-1 acquisition.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of psoriatic arthritis identifies susceptibility locus  at REL.
Low maternal vitamin B(12) is a risk factor for neural tube defects: a meta-analysis.
Identification of YAP1 as a novel susceptibility gene for polycystic ovary syndrome.
¹⁸F-FDG-PET and ¹⁸F-FDG-PET/CT in the detection of recurrent or metastatic medullary thyroid carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of myocardial innervation imaging using MIBG scintigraphy  in differential diagnosis between dementia with lewy bodies and other dementias:  a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
The role of stereotactic radiosurgery in cavernous sinus hemangiomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis and systematic review of computed tomography angiography as a diagnostic triage tool for patients with chest pain presenting to the emergency department.
Intraoperative mitomycin C versus intraoperative 5-fluorouracil for trabeculectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An evaluation of bioactive glass in the treatment of periodontal defects: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Evidence-based periodontal plastic surgery. II. An individual data meta-analysis  for evaluating factors in achieving complete root coverage.
Population pharmacodynamic modeling of various extended-release formulations of methylphenidate in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder via meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis comparing the safety and efficacy of azithromycin over the alternate drugs used for treatment of uncomplicated enteric fever.
Genetic variation in F3 (tissue factor) and the risk of incident venous thrombosis: meta-analysis of eight studies.
Role of factor V Leiden or G20210A prothrombin mutation in patients with symptomatic pulmonary embolism and deep vein thrombosis: a meta-analysis of the literature.
D-dimer testing in the diagnosis of cerebral vein thrombosis: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of the literature.
Bleeding risk in randomized controlled trials comparing warfarin and aspirin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between periodontal disease and stroke.
Prognostic value of late gadolinium enhancement in clinical outcomes for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
The impact of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitors on Type 1 and Type  2 diabetic patients with and without early diabetic nephropathy.
Routine central neck dissection in differentiated thyroid carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Hans algorithm is not prognostic in patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma treated with R-CHOP.
Allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell and bone marrow transplantation for hematologic malignancies: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Occupational exposure influences on gender differences in respiratory health.
Associations between the p53 codon 72 polymorphisms and susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
The diagnostic accuracy of MRI for the detection of partial- and full-thickness rotator cuff tears in adults.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of vancomycin for the treatment of  patients with gram-positive infections: focus on the study design.
Treatment of Gustilo grade III tibial fractures with unreamed intramedullary nailing versus external fixator: a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 gene polymorphism and COPD risk in smokers: an updated analysis.
Meta-analysis shows significant association of the TP53 Arg72Pro with ovarian cancer risk.
Has-miR-146a polymorphism (rs2910164) and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 19 case-control studies.
DNMT3B polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta analysis of 24 case-control studies.
TNF-308 gene polymorphism and tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 18 studies.
MDM2 SNP309 polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Update analysis of studies on the MMP-9 -1562 C>T polymorphism and cancer risk.
Association between CYP1A1 polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The association between the PTPN22 C1858T polymorphism and rheumatoid arthritis:  a meta-analysis update.
Genetic screens for the control of influenza virus replication: from meta-analysis to drug discovery.
miRNA profiling in colorectal cancer highlights miR-1 involvement in MET-dependent proliferation.
AlloDerm implants for prevention of Frey syndrome after parotidectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diffusion tensor imaging in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hippocampal volume reduction in first-episode and chronic schizophrenia: a review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of major extracranial injury in traumatic brain injury: an individual patient data meta-analysis in 39,274 patients.
Predictors of seasonal influenza vaccination among healthcare workers in hospitals: a descriptive meta-analysis.
Work-related stress and Type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
On the presence and role of human gene-body DNA methylation.
Association of blepharitis with Demodex: a meta-analysis.
Topical anesthesia versus regional anesthesia for cataract surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prophylactic perioperative antibiotic use in endoscopic sinus surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Opioids added to local anesthetics for single-shot intrathecal anesthesia in patients undergoing minor surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Placebo response changes depending on the neuropathic pain syndrome: results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of cultural differences in Western and Asian patient-perceived barriers to managing cancer pain.
Inflammatory cytokines IFN-γ, IL-4, IL-13 and TNF-α alterations in schistosomiasis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of MTHFR C677T and A1298C polymorphisms and risk of acute lymphoblastic leukemia in children.
A meta-analysis of antipseudomonal penicillins and cephalosporins in pediatric patients with fever and neutropenia.
Language functions in preterm-born children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prenatal and passive smoke exposure and incidence of asthma and wheeze: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Electrocardiogram screening for disorders that cause sudden cardiac death in asymptomatic children: a meta-analysis.
Nosocomial rotavirus infections: a meta-analysis.
Functional polymorphisms of folate metabolism and response to chemotherapy for colorectal cancer, a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: comparative efficacy of H2-receptor antagonists and proton pump inhibitors for reducing aspiration risk during anaesthesia depending on the administration route and schedule.
Caspofungin for prophylaxis and treatment of fungal infections in adolescents and adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of endovenous foam sclerotherapy: meta-analysis for treatment of venous disorders.
Genetic and epigenetic influences of twins on the pathogenesis of craniosynostosis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of volumetric abnormalities in cortico-striatal-pallidal-thalamic circuits in major depressive disorder.
Fish consumption and CHD mortality: an updated meta-analysis of seventeen cohort  studies.
Independent radiologic review in metastatic colorectal cancer: systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Effect of antispasmodic agents, alone or in combination, in the treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between seven ERAP1 polymorphisms and ankylosing spondylitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 8,530 cases and 12,449 controls.
Interferon regulatory factor 5 gene polymorphism confers risk to several rheumatic diseases and correlates with expression of alternative thymic transcripts.
Infectious agents associated with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of unprotected anal intercourse and unprotected vaginal intercourse among HIV-positive men who have sex with men in China: a meta-analysis.
Medical end-of-life decisions: does its use differ in vulnerable patient groups?  A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do neighborhoods affect individual mortality? A systematic review and meta-analysis of multilevel studies.
Dual or mono antiplatelet therapy for patients with acute ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Laparoscopic Nissen fundoplication with or without short gastric vessel division: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing antibiotic therapy with appendectomy for acute uncomplicated (no abscess or phlegmon) appendicitis.
Linear-stapled versus circular-stapled laparoscopic gastrojejunal anastomosis in  morbid obesity: meta-analysis.
Developmental competence in oocytes and cumulus cells: candidate genes and networks.
The treatment of venous thromboembolism with low-molecular-weight heparins. A meta-analysis.
Prevalence of traumatic brain injury in intimate partner violence offenders compared to the general population: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy versus bilateral and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in depression.
Pancreatectomy combined with superior mesenteric vein-portal vein resection for pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
[Current state of clinical application of acupuncture therapy in maternity department in countries outside China].
[A Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of risperidone versus traditional agents for Tourette's syndrome].
[Effect of intensive glucose control during peri-operative period on prognosis of patients undergoing cardiac surgery: a Meta-analysis].
[Procalcitonin-guided algorithms of antibiotic therapy in community-acquired lower respiratory tract infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
[Fluorouracil implants for colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
[Necessity of defunctioning stoma in low anterior resection for rectal cancer: a  meta-analysis].
[Relationship between PPARγ2 Pro12Ala polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese Han population: a Meta-analysis].
Interleukin-6 receptor pathways in coronary heart disease: a collaborative meta-analysis of 82 studies.
Amygdala and hippocampal volume reductions as candidate endophenotypes for borderline personality disorder: a meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Association of LDL cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B levels  with risk of cardiovascular events among patients treated with statins: a meta-analysis.
Childhood infections, orchitis and testicular germ cell tumours: a report from the STEED study and a meta-analysis of existing data.
Effectiveness of physical activity promotion based in primary care: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis identifies nine new loci associated with rheumatoid arthritis in the Japanese population.
Relative risk of renal disease among people living with HIV: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Seroevidence for H5N1 influenza infections in humans: meta-analysis.
F8 gene mutation type and inhibitor development in patients with severe hemophilia A: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Care management for Type 2 diabetes in the United States: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor appropriate for contrast-induced nephropathy? A meta-analysis about this field.
Telmisartan increases adiponectin levels: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of  randomized head-to-head trials.
Interleukin-10-819 promoter polymorphism in association with gastric cancer risk.
Patterns of regional lymph node metastasis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a meta-analysis of clinical evidence.
Association between COX-2 rs2745557 polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antenatal magnesium individual participant data international collaboration: assessing the benefits for babies using the best level of evidence (AMICABLE).
Effects of antiplatelet therapy on mortality and cardiovascular and bleeding outcomes in persons with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of clinical characteristics for identifying CT abnormality after minor brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of vitamin D supplementation on plasma lipid profiles: a meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
TRIB1 constitutes a molecular link between regulation of sleep and lipid metabolism in humans.
Hepatitis B virus vaccine in chronic kidney disease: improved immunogenicity by adjuvants? A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of ten trials on the effectiveness of the radial versus the femoral approach in primary percutaneous coronary intervention.
Progestogens to prevent preterm birth in twin pregnancies: an individual participant data meta-analysis of randomized trials.
White rice consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes: meta-analysis and systematic  review.
Clinical impact of anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibodies in first-line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer: meta-analytical estimation  and implications for therapeutic strategies.
Serum enterolactone and postmenopausal breast cancer risk by estrogen, progesterone and herceptin 2 receptor status.
Mobile phone text messaging for promoting adherence to antiretroviral therapy in  patients with HIV infection.
Strategies for improving the acceptability and acceptance of the copper intrauterine device.
Memory Rehabilitation for people with multiple sclerosis.
Centralisation of services for gynaecological cancer.
Antioxidant supplements for prevention of mortality in healthy participants and patients with various diseases.
Transcutaneous electric nerve stimulation (TENS) for cancer pain in adults.
Medications for increasing milk supply in mothers expressing breastmilk for their preterm hospitalised infants.
Sensory environment on health-related outcomes of hospital patients.
Perioperative antibiotics to prevent infection after first-trimester abortion.
Enteral iron supplementation in preterm and low birth weight infants.
Sodium channel blockers for cystic fibrosis.
Adjuvant (post-surgery) chemotherapy for early stage epithelial ovarian cancer.
Steroid hormones for contraception in men.
Postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy in rectal cancer operated for cure.
Sedation of children undergoing dental treatment.
Acellular vaccines for preventing whooping cough in children.
Glutamine supplementation to prevent morbidity and mortality in preterm infants.
Prophylactic versus selective use of surfactant in preventing morbidity and mortality in preterm infants.
Safety of task-shifting for male medical circumcision: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Addition of bevacizumab to first-line chemotherapy in advanced colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis, with emphasis on chemotherapy subgroups.
Dabigatran association with higher risk of acute coronary events: meta-analysis of noninferiority randomized controlled trials.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors for treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the clinical setting: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials for the incidence and risk of treatment-related mortality in patients with cancer treated with vascular endothelial growth factor tyrosine kinase inhibitors.
Association of a difference in systolic blood pressure between arms with vascular disease and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of a multiethnic approach to identify rheumatoid- arthritis-susceptibility loci, 1p36 and 17q12.
Large-scale gene-centric meta-analysis across 39 studies identifies type 2 diabetes loci.
The endothelial protein C receptor (PROCR) Ser219Gly variant and risk of common thrombotic disorders: a HuGE review and meta-analysis of evidence from observational studies.
Atorvastatin, not rosuvastatin, improves cardiac function in heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Angiotensin receptor blockers for prevention of new-onset type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of 59,862 patients.
Routine upstream versus selective downstream administration of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Auto-titrating versus fixed continuous positive airway pressure for the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea: a systematic review with meta-analyses.
Oral nutritional interventions in malnourished patients with cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Additional use of trimetazidine in patients with chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: comparison of F-18 fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography and bone scintigraphy in the detection of bone metastasis in patients with lung cancer.
Value of magnetic resonance imaging for nodal staging in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Percutaneous tracheostomy, a systematic review.
Meta-analysis on anxiety and depression in adult celiac disease.
Validity of Timeline Follow-Back for self-reported use of cannabis and other illicit substances--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Deep brain stimulation compared with methadone maintenance for the treatment of heroin dependence: a threshold and cost-effectiveness analysis.
Acamprosate for alcohol dependence: a sex-specific meta-analysis based on individual patient data.
Meta-analysis: antiviral treatment for hepatitis D.
Meta-analysis: oral anti-viral agents in adults with decompensated hepatitis B virus cirrhosis.
Meta-analysis: diagnostic medical radiation exposure in inflammatory bowel disease.
Meta-analysis: coeliac disease and the risk of all-cause mortality, any malignancy and lymphoid malignancy.
Immediate and late outcome of patients aged 80 years and older undergoing isolated aortic valve replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 48 studies.
Ability of microvolt T-wave alternans to modify risk assessment of ventricular tachyarrhythmic events: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of prospective randomized controlled trials comparing intracoronary versus intravenous abciximab in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction  undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention.
Effect of breastfeeding compared with formula feeding on infant body composition: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of chocolate, cocoa, and flavan-3-ols on cardiovascular health: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Comparison of the yield and miss rate of narrow band imaging and white light endoscopy in patients undergoing screening or surveillance colonoscopy: a meta-analysis.
Rituximab in combination with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone in HIV-associated non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a pooled analysis of 15 prospective studies.
Relationship between fall-related efficacy and activity engagement in community-dwelling older adults: a meta-analytic review.
The effectiveness of group-based comprehensive risk-reduction and abstinence education interventions to prevent or reduce the risk of adolescent pregnancy, human immunodeficiency virus, and sexually transmitted infections: two systematic reviews for the Guide to Community Preventive Services.
Striatal dopamine transporter alterations in ADHD: pathophysiology or adaptation  to psychostimulants? A meta-analysis.
Antifungal therapy in the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis: a meta-analysis.
Antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing open mesh repair of inguinal hernia: a meta-analysis.
Perioperative fluid management strategies in major surgery: a stratified meta-analysis.
Allogeneic bone marrow transplantation compared to peripheral blood stem cell transplantation for the treatment of hematologic malignancies: a meta-analysis based on time-to-event data from randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of Parkinson's disease: identification of a novel locus, RIT2.
A systematic literature review of drug therapies for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis: current evidence and meta-analysis informing the EULAR recommendations for the management of psoriatic arthritis.
Laparoscopic versus open distal gastrectomy for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and high-quality nonrandomized studies.
Meta-analysis of clinical efficacy of pulsed radio frequency energy treatment.
Meta-analysis of robot-assisted versus conventional laparoscopic Nissen fundoplication for gastro-oesophageal reflux disease.
Psoriasis increased the risk of diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Predicting psychosis: meta-analysis of transition outcomes in individuals at high clinical risk.
Prevalence of child mental health problems in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review.
Single-bundle versus double-bundle reconstruction for anterior cruciate ligament  rupture: a meta-analysis--does anatomy matter?
The results of transperineal versus transrectal prostate biopsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of soy isoflavone supplements on osteoporosis in women.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors effect on arterial stiffness and wave reflections: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomised controlled trials.
Efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy in bipolar versus unipolar major depression: a meta-analysis.
Grey matter differences in bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Tubeless vs standard percutaneous nephrolithotomy: a meta-analysis.
Thigh-length versus knee-length compression stockings for deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis in the inpatient setting.
Metoclopramide for nausea and vomiting prophylaxis during and after Caesarean delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Group psychological therapies for depression in the community: systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Cold water immersion and recovery from strenuous exercise: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of North American working hours restrictions on mortality and morbidity in surgical patients.
Effects of increasing age, dosage, and duration of PTH treatment on BMD increase--a meta-analysis.
Short-term preoperative smoking cessation and postoperative complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Global socioeconomic inequalities in tobacco use: internationally comparable estimates from the World Health Surveys.
Test characteristics of ultrasonography for the detection of pneumothorax: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor genetic polymorphisms and tuberculosis among Chinese Han ethnic group.
IL-13 polymorphisms contribute to the risk of asthma: a meta-analysis.
Four polymorphisms of the CAPN 10 gene and their relationship to polycystic ovary syndrome susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Androgen receptor gene polymorphisms and risk for androgenetic alopecia: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion gene polymorphism and Henoch-Schönlein purpura nephritis risk  in Asian children.
Associations between TLR polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between proton pump inhibitor therapy and Clostridium difficile infection in a meta-analysis.
The clinical significance of vancomycin minimum inhibitory concentration in Staphylococcus aureus infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
β-Glucan antigenemia assay for the diagnosis of invasive fungal infections in patients with hematological malignancies: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies from the Third European Conference on Infections in Leukemia (ECIL-3).
Efficacy and safety of paricalcitol therapy for chronic kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
Negative predictive value of positron emission tomography and computed tomography for stage T1-2N0 non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of risk factors for post-traumatic stress disorder in children and adolescents.
The effectiveness of long-term psychoanalytic psychotherapy--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effectiveness of constraint-induced movement therapy on activity and participation after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the prevalence of somatic mutations in the hMLH1 and hMSH2 genes in colorectal cancer.
A neurocognitive model of meditation based on activation likelihood estimation (ALE) meta-analysis.
Dopamine versus norepinephrine in the treatment of septic shock: a meta-analysis*.
Treatment with tirofiban for acute coronary syndrome (ACS): a systematic review and network analysis.
Significantly lower pregnancy rates in the presence of progesterone elevation in  patients treated with GnRH antagonists and gonadotrophins: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Longevity of materials for pit and fissure sealing--results from a meta-analysis.
Major congenital malformations in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metabolic effects of bariatric surgery in type 2 diabetic patients with body mass index < 35 kg/m2.
Reno-protective effects of renin-angiotensin system blockade in type 2 diabetic patients: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
The type 2 diabetes-associated variant in TCF7L2 is associated with latent autoimmune diabetes in adult Europeans and the gene effect is modified by obesity: a meta-analysis and an individual study.
Prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia through aspiration of subglottic secretions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MDM2 SNP309 polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Oral contraceptives and venous thromboembolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Type 2 diabetes mellitus and depressive symptoms: what is the cause of what? A systematic literature review].
Is pesticide use related to Parkinson disease? Some clues to heterogeneity in study results.
Placebo-corrected efficacy of modern nonenzyme-inducing AEDs for refractory focal epilepsy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Traditional endonasal and microscopic sinus surgery complications versus endoscopic sinus surgery complications: a meta-analysis.
The impact of the coronary collateral circulation on mortality: a meta-analysis.
Adiponectin levels in patients with colorectal cancer and adenoma: a meta-analysis.
The use of pre-operative brain natriuretic peptides as a predictor of adverse outcomes after cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary calcium intake and risk of type 2 diabetes: possible confounding by magnesium.
Mechanisms in endocrinology: primary HT and risk for breast cancer: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
The role of video capsule endoscopy in the diagnosis of celiac disease: a meta-analysis.
Is the SPINK1 variant p.N34S overrepresented in patients with acute pancreatitis?
Evolutionary conserved longevity genes and human cognitive abilities in elderly cohorts.
The efficacy of long-term conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) supplementation on body  composition in overweight and obese individuals: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
A meta-analysis on the effect of corticosteroid therapy in Kawasaki disease.
A meta-analysis of common risk factors associated with the diagnosis of developmental dysplasia of the hip in newborns.
Differential diagnosis between malignant and benign hepatic tumors using apparent diffusion coefficient on 1.5-T MR imaging: a meta analysis.
Correlation between P53 expression and malignant risk of gastrointestinal stromal tumors: evidence from 9 studies.
The use of transcutaneous oximetry to predict healing complications of lower limb amputations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin use during pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of acupuncture on pregnancy rates in women undergoing in vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use reduces risk of adenocarcinomas of the esophagus and esophagogastric junction in a pooled analysis.
Meta-analysis of narrow-band imaging versus conventional colonoscopy for adenoma  detection.
Polymorphism T→C of gene CYP17 promoter and polycystic ovary syndrome risk: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of MMP family and coronary disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
BDNF Val66Met and cognition: all, none, or some? A meta-analysis of the genetic association.
Comparison of conjunctival autograft transplantation and amniotic membrane transplantation for pterygium: a meta-analysis.
Intensive short-term dynamic psychotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of outcome research.
Total vs. proximal gastrectomy for proximal gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Telaprevir for chronic hepatitis C with genotype 1: a meta-analysis.
Feasibility of snare papillectomy in ampulla of Vater tumors: meta-analysis and study results from a tertiary referral center.
Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma with hyperplastic germinal centres (pattern 1) shows superior survival to patterns 2 and 3: a meta-analysis of 56 cases.
Efficacy of new antiretroviral drugs in treatment-experienced HIV-infected patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of recent randomized controlled trials.
Laparoscopic or open cholecystectomy in cirrhosis: a systematic review of outcomes and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The effects of heavy social drinking on executive function: a systematic review and meta-analytic study of existing literature and new empirical findings.
The effects of 'ecstasy' (MDMA) on visuospatial memory performance: findings from a systematic review with meta-analyses.
The use of androgens or androgen-modulating agents in poor responders undergoing  in vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Carotid artery intima-media thickness in polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Significance of white-coat hypertension in older persons with isolated systolic hypertension: a meta-analysis using the International Database on Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitoring in Relation to Cardiovascular Outcomes population.
Efficacy & safety of iodopovidone pleurodesis: a systematic review & meta-analysis.
The efficacy of daily bathing with chlorhexidine for reducing healthcare-associated bloodstream infections: a meta-analysis.
Is there evidence to claim or deny association between variants of the multidrug  resistance gene (MDR1 or ABCB1) and inflammatory bowel disease?
Performance of rapid influenza H1N1 diagnostic tests: a meta-analysis.
Quetiapine for bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Modeling of Clostridium perfringens vegetative cell inactivation in beef-in-sauce products: a meta-analysis using mixed linear models.
Comparison of laparoscopy and laparotomy for endometrial cancer.
Comparative meta-analysis of adefovir dipivoxil monotherapy and combination therapy of adefovir dipivoxil and lamivudine for lamivudine-resistant chronic hepatitis B.
Preventing pressure ulcers--Are pressure-redistributing support surfaces effective? A Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Implication of European-derived adiposity loci in African Americans.
Dobutamine for patients with severe heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The effect of adding psychodynamic therapy to antidepressants in patients with major depressive disorder. A systematic review of randomized clinical trials with meta-analyses and trial sequential analyses.
A genome-wide association study of plasma total IgE concentrations in the Framingham Heart Study.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic screening criteria for blunt  cerebrovascular injuries.
Antibiotic prophylaxis in cardiac surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Perceived unfairness and employee health: a meta-analytic integration.
The paradox of intragroup conflict: a meta-analysis.
A comparison of outcomes with and without a tourniquet in total knee arthroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Squeaking in third- and fourth-generation ceramic-on-ceramic total hip arthroplasty: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Comparison of transcatheter arterial chemoembolization and microsphere embolization for treatment of unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on the treatment of unprotected left main coronary artery disease: one-year outcomes with coronary artery bypass  grafting versus percutaneous coronary artery intervention with drug-eluting stent.
Dual-source computed tomography angiography for diagnosis and assessment of coronary artery disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular outcomes using intra-aortic balloon pump in high-risk acute myocardial infarction with or without cardiogenic shock: a meta-analysis.
Clinical review: Do glucocorticosteroids alter vitamin D status? A systematic review with meta-analyses of observational studies.
A Bayesian network meta-analysis on comparisons of enamel matrix derivatives, guided tissue regeneration and their combination therapies.
Periodontal health status and bacteraemia from daily oral activities: systematic  review/meta-analysis.
How informative are open-label studies for youth with bipolar disorder? A meta-analysis comparing open-label versus randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Clinical use of U-500 regular insulin: review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of emotional and behavioural disorders in German children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of renal benefits to pulsatile perfusion in cardiac surgery.
18 F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography to evaluate recurrent gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic papillary balloon dilatation versus endoscopic sphincterotomy in the treatment for choledocholithiasis: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between distal and proximal colonic neoplasia: a meta-analysis.
Smoking cessation interventions for patients with depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Complications after flexor tendon repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do parents maintain or exacerbate pediatric functional abdominal pain? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Percutaneous closure of mitral paravalvular leaks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Continuous infusion versus intermittent bolus furosemide in ADHF: an updated meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Home measurement of blood pressure and cardiovascular disease: systematic review  and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Steroids for the prevention of restenosis in bare-metal stents--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
TNFAIP3 gene polymorphisms are associated with response to TNF blockade in psoriasis.
Meta-analysis on the effectiveness of extra time as a test accommodation for transitioning adolescents with learning disabilities: more questions than answers.
ApoE gene polymorphism and vascular dementia in Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic approach to estimating nocebo effects in neuropathic pain trials.
Association between polymorphism in the promoter region of Interleukin 6 (-174 G/C) and risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
The association between cerebral amyloid angiopathy and intracerebral haemorrhage: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Operative management of temporomandibular joint ankylosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychological functioning of siblings in families of children with chronic health conditions: a meta-analysis.
Subjective well-being and adaptation to life events: a meta-analysis.
Associations between the angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism and susceptibility to vasculitis: a meta-analysis.
Angiotensin converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism and risk of pregnancy hypertensive disorders: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion gene polymorphism and steroid-sensitive nephrotic syndrome in  children.
Association between genetic polymorphism of the angiotensin-converting enzyme and diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis comprising 26,580 subjects.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopy-assisted distal gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection for gastric cancer.
Benefits and risks of using clopidogrel before coronary artery bypass surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials and observational studies.
Meta analysis of the curative effect of acupuncture on post-stroke depression.
Integrated traditional and Western medicine for treatment of depression based on  syndrome differentiation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials based on the Hamilton depression scale.
Improved amputation-free survival in unreconstructable critical limb ischemia and its implications for clinical trial design and quality measurement.
A meta-analysis of association between acne vulgaris and Demodex infestation.
Chronic kidney disease after acute kidney injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does computer navigation system really improve early clinical outcomes after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction? A meta-analysis and systematic review  of randomized controlled trials.
Global burden of human food-borne trematodiasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the risk factors for sudden sensorineural  hearing loss in adults.
Meta-analysis of endoscopic versus sublabial pituitary surgery.
Ultrasound-based transient elastography for the detection of hepatic fibrosis in  patients with recurrent hepatitis C virus after liver transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
RRM1 expression and clinical outcome of gemcitabine-containing chemotherapy for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
The association of polymorphisms on TGFBR1 and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between HFE polymorphisms and susceptibility to Alzheimer's disease:  a meta-analysis of 22 studies including 4,365 cases and 8,652 controls.
Effect of LEPR Gln223Arg polymorphism on breast cancer risk in different ethnic populations: a meta-analysis.
The association between the PTPN22 C1858T polymorphism and systemic sclerosis: a  meta-analysis.
-251 T/A polymorphism of the interleukin-8 gene and cancer risk: a HuGE review and meta-analysis based on 42 case-control studies.
Current evidence on the relationship between CYP1B1 polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
SULT1A1 Arg213His polymorphism and susceptibility of environment-related cancers: a meta analysis of 5,915 cases and 7,900 controls.
Association between TNF-α polymorphisms and cervical cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The CAG repeat polymorphism of androgen receptor gene and prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
XPD Lys751Gln polymorphism and esophageal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis  of case-control studies.
RNASEL Asp541Glu and Arg462Gln polymorphisms in prostate cancer risk: evidences from a meta-analysis.
Common BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations in breast cancer families: a meta-analysis from  systematic review.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in autism spectrum disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for personality.
Association of CLU and PICALM variants with Alzheimer's disease.
Meta-analysis of genetic and environmental Parkinson's disease models reveals a common role of mitochondrial protection pathways.
Neural substrates of smoking cue reactivity: a meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Neuroimaging of the periaqueductal gray: state of the field.
Modelling neural correlates of working memory: a coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Functional dissociation of pre-SMA and SMA-proper in temporal processing.
Serum uric acid levels in patients with multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Degrees of separation: a quantitative neuroimaging meta-analysis investigating self-specificity and shared neural activation between self- and other-reflection.
Exposure to isoflavone-containing soy products and endothelial function: a Bayesian meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Waist-to-height ratio is a better screening tool than waist circumference and BMI for adult cardiometabolic risk factors: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Age and gender variations in age-related macular degeneration prevalence in populations of European ancestry: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of functional chest pain with antidepressants: a meta-analysis.
Ozone therapy as a treatment for low back pain secondary to herniated disc: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Body mass index in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of ¹²³I-FP-CIT (DaTSCAN) in dementia with Lewy bodies: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Association between nonverbal communication during clinical interactions and outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maternal smoking during pregnancy and risk for childhood leukemia: a nationwide case-control study in Greece and meta-analysis.
Transfusion associated necrotizing enterocolitis: a meta-analysis of observational data.
Clinical factors involved in the recurrence of pituitary adenomas after surgical  remission: a structured review and meta-analysis.
Bisphosphonate therapy in patients under androgen deprivation therapy for prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Various effects of antipsychotics on P50 sensory gating in Chinese schizophrenia  patients: a meta-analysis.
Psychological correlates of university students' academic performance: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Children's antisocial behavior, mental health, drug use, and educational performance after parental incarceration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
How smart do you think you are? A meta-analysis on the validity of self-estimates of cognitive ability.
A sniff of trust: meta-analysis of the effects of intranasal oxytocin administration on face recognition, trust to in-group, and trust to out-group.
Adulthood trauma and HPA-axis functioning in healthy subjects and PTSD patients:  a meta-analysis.
Preoperative oral nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for the success of the inferior alveolar nerve block in irreversible pulpitis treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis based on randomized controlled trials.
Quantitative human health risk assessment for 1,3-butadiene based upon ovarian effects in rodents.
Interleukin-1 gene cluster variants and recurrent pregnancy loss among North Indian women: retrospective study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of PECS with individuals with ASD: investigation of targeted versus non-targeted outcomes, participant characteristics, and implementation phase.
Visual perception and visual-motor integration in very preterm and/or very low birth weight children: a meta-analysis.
A multilevel meta-analysis of single-case and small-n research on interventions for reducing challenging behavior in persons with intellectual disabilities.
Are K-12 learners motivated in physical education? A meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle biopsy in mediastinal lymphadenopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
No association between the HTR1A gene and suicidal behavior: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of clarithromycin in pediatric patients with upper respiratory infections: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
The association of Raynaud's syndrome with carpal tunnel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of resistance exercises in rheumatoid arthritis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of mass-balance studies of soil ingestion in children.
The impact of cannabis use on cognitive functioning in patients with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of existing findings and new data in a first-episode sample.
Neurocognitive predictors of objective and subjective quality of life in individuals with schizophrenia: a meta-analytic investigation.
Olfaction, "olfiction," and the schizophrenia-spectrum: an updated meta-analysis  on identification and acuity.
Inhibition of return and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of ¹⁸F-FDG-PET and PET/CT in patients with Ewing sarcoma family tumours: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
"Over-foreignization" or "unused potential"? A critical review of migrant health  in Germany and responses toward unauthorized migration.
Ambulatory systolic-diastolic pressure regression index as a predictor of clinical events: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Delirium in acute stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stenting versus surgery in patients with carotid stenosis after previous cervical radiation therapy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcome of laparoscopic colorectal surgery in obese and nonobese patients: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis: tailoring asthma treatment on eosinophilic markers (exhaled nitric oxide or sputum eosinophils).
Pelvic floor electrical stimulation for postprostatectomy urinary incontinence: a meta-analysis.
Reduced hippocampal volumes in healthy carriers of brain-derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met polymorphism: meta-analysis.
[Treatment of myocardial damage with creatine phosphate following neonatal asphyxia: a meta-analysis].
[Vandetanib for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Vascular endothelial growth factor gene polymorphisms and the risk of endometriosis: a systematic review].
A systematic review of vaccinations to reduce the shedding of Escherichia coli O157 in the faeces of domestic ruminants.
Gadolinium-enhanced cardiovascular magnetic resonance: administered dose in relationship to United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) guidelines.
The effect of TNF-alpha, FcγR and CD1 polymorphisms on Guillain-Barré syndrome risk: evidences from a meta-analysis.
Ethnic variation in the prevalence of depression and anxiety in primary care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interleukin-10-1082G/A polymorphism and acute liver graft rejection: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of combined therapy for adult hepatitis B virus-associated glomerulonephritis.
Rifaximin vs. conventional oral therapy for hepatic encephalopathy: a meta-analysis.
Initial coronary stent implantation with medical therapy vs medical therapy alone for stable coronary artery disease: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of individual patient data in randomised trials of self monitoring  of blood glucose in people with non-insulin treated type 2 diabetes.
Observer bias in randomised clinical trials with binary outcomes: systematic review of trials with both blinded and non-blinded outcome assessors.
Recessive protective effect of ADIPOQ rs1501299 on cardiovascular diseases with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Common variants at 11q12, 10q26 and 3p11.2 are associated with prostate cancer susceptibility in Japanese.
Lithium toxicity profile: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
N-Acetylcysteine supplementation for the prevention of atrial fibrillation after  cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of eight randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of ACE inhibitors in chronic heart failure with preserved ejection fraction--a meta analysis of 7 prospective clinical studies.
Does this patient with liver disease have cirrhosis?
Effect of fructose on body weight in controlled feeding trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Optimal cut-off score for diagnosing depression with the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9): a meta-analysis.
HIV infection and risk of overdose: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis identifies common variants associated with body mass index in east  Asians.
Association between polymorphisms in XRCC1 gene and clinical outcomes of patients with lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Bias in observational studies of prevalent users: lessons for comparative effectiveness research from a meta-analysis of statins.
Variations in the promoter region of the serotonin transporter gene and biased attention for emotional information: a meta-analysis.
Massage, reflexology and other manual methods for pain management in labour.
Alginate dressings for healing diabetic foot ulcers.
Hydrocolloid dressings for healing diabetic foot ulcers.
Intraoperative mild hypothermia for postoperative neurological deficits in intracranial aneurysm patients.
Antibiotics for leptospirosis.
Cardiotocography versus intermittent auscultation of fetal heart on admission to  labour ward for assessment of fetal wellbeing.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents for treating cystoid macular oedema following cataract surgery.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for hernia repair.
Urinary diversion and bladder reconstruction/replacement using intestinal segments for intractable incontinence or following cystectomy.
Lack of association between glutathione S-transferase T1 gene polymorphism and laryngeal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on 2,124 cases and 2,059 controls.
A genome-wide association study of COPD identifies a susceptibility locus on chromosome 19q13.
Efficacy of autologous platelet-rich plasma use for orthopaedic indications: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor gene and multiple sclerosis risk: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Main air pollutants and myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Moderate to vigorous physical activity and sedentary time and cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents.
Diagnostic accuracy of the aspartate aminotransferase-to-platelet ratio index for the prediction of hepatitis B-related fibrosis: a leading meta-analysis.
Role of micronucleus test in predicting breast cancer susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of aspirin on vascular and nonvascular outcomes: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Drugs for relief of pain in patients with sciatica: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Repeat prenatal corticosteroid prior to preterm birth: a systematic review and individual participant data meta-analysis for the PRECISE study group (prenatal repeat corticosteroid international IPD study group: assessing the effects using  the best level of evidence) - study protocol.
Patient safety in pre-hospital emergency tracheal intubation: a comprehensive meta-analysis of the intubation success rates of EMS providers.
Group B streptococcal disease in infants aged younger than 3 months: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of psychosocial interventions to reduce pain in patients with cancer.
Female sex bias in human embryonic stem cell lines.
Acute cannabis consumption and motor vehicle collision risk: systematic review of observational studies and meta-analysis.
Predicting infectious complications in neutropenic children and young people with cancer (IPD protocol).
Association between Ser311Cys polymorphism in the dopamine D2 receptor gene and schizophrenia risk: a meta-analysis in Asian populations.
Low copy number of the FCGR3B gene and rheumatoid arthritis: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of statin effects in women versus men.
Predictors of warfarin use in atrial fibrillation in the United States: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of enoxaparin versus unfractionated heparin during percutaneous coronary intervention: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of HE4 for ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Androgenic suppression combined with radiotherapy for the treatment of prostate adenocarcinoma: a systematic review.
Incidence of immediate hypersensitivity reaction and serum sickness following administration of Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab antivenom: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of dual-time 18F-FDG PET in the diagnosis of pulmonary nodules: a meta-analysis.
Neonatal jaundice is associated with a small increase in the risk of childhood type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
The gender gap in stroke: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin 6-174G>C polymorphism and risk of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: case-control study and meta-analysis.
The effects of preterm birth on mother-infant interaction and attachment during the infant's first two years.
Risk profile of bevacizumab in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The influence of the assessment method on the incidence of visual field progression in glaucoma: a network meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of structural MRI studies in children and adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder indicates treatment effects.
The association between the duration of preoperative pain and pain improvement in vertebral augmentation: a meta-analysis.
Alcohol dehydrogenase-1B Arg47His polymorphism and upper aerodigestive tract cancer risk: a meta-analysis including 24,252 subjects.
Meta-analysis: the diagnostic accuracy of lactose breath hydrogen or lactose tolerance tests for predicting the North European lactase polymorphism C/T-13910.
Effect of QRS morphology on clinical event reduction with cardiac resynchronization therapy: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Dietary magnesium intake and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Efficacy of oral vs. topical, or combined oral and topical 5-aminosalicylates, in Ulcerative Colitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does low-intensity pulsed ultrasound reduce time to fracture healing? A meta-analysis.
Childhood maltreatment predicts unfavorable course of illness and treatment outcome in depression: a meta-analysis.
Individual participant data meta-analysis of mechanical workplace risk factors and low back pain.
The role of perioperative high inspired oxygen therapy in reducing surgical site  infection: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the use of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs for pediatric postoperative pain.
Perioperative single dose ketorolac to prevent postoperative pain: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Health message framing effects on attitudes, intentions, and behavior: a meta-analytic review.
A meta-analysis of coffee consumption and pancreatic cancer.
A meta-analysis on alcohol drinking and esophageal and gastric cardia adenocarcinoma risk.
Sublobectomy versus lobectomy for stage I non-small-cell lung cancer, a meta-analysis of published studies.
A meta-analysis of preoperative localization techniques for patients with primary hyperparathyroidism.
Birth weight and subsequent blood pressure: a meta-analysis.
Cervical disc arthroplasty versus fusion for single-level symptomatic cervical disc disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of exercise on physical function, daily living activities, and quality of  life in the frail older adults: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of clinical tests for subacromial impingement syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of perioperative statins on death, myocardial infarction, atrial fibrillation, and length of stay: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Usefulness of anti-p155 autoantibody for diagnosing cancer-associated dermatomyositis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Regional differences in grey and white matter in children and adults with autism  spectrum disorders: an activation likelihood estimate (ALE) meta-analysis.
HLA and Sjögren's syndrome susceptibility. A meta-analysis of worldwide studies.
Evaluation of genetic association between an ITGAM non-synonymous SNP (rs1143679) and multiple autoimmune diseases.
Error-related negativity in individuals with obsessive-compulsive symptoms: toward an understanding of hoarding behaviors.
Openness to experience and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis and r(equivalent) from risk ratios and odds ratios.
Lutein and zeaxanthin intake and the risk of age-related macular degeneration: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Indications for fenestrated endovascular aneurysm repair.
Systematic review of intraoperative cholangiography in cholecystectomy.
Accuracy of telomerase in estimating breast cancer risk: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Bloody nipple discharge is a predictor of breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Effect of cotrimoxazole on mortality in HIV-infected adults on antiretroviral therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antibiotic prophylaxis in transarterial therapy of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Peritraumatic distress and the course of posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms:  a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of prophylactic antibiotics in the prevention  of postoperative complications after tension-free hernioplasty.
Risk of esophageal cancer in diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of observational  studies.
Comparison of racial differences in childhood cancer risk in case-control studies and population-based cancer registries.
Main dietary compounds and pancreatic cancer risk. The quantitative analysis of case-control and cohort studies.
Meta-analysis of cancer risk in folic acid supplementation trials.
Balloon atrial septostomy and pre-operative brain injury in neonates with transposition of the great arteries: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: renin-Angiotensin system inhibitors in the prevention of atrial fibrillation recurrences: an unfulfilled hope.
Gemifloxacin for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia and acute exacerbation of chronic bronchitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Does exercise training change physical activity in people with COPD? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Atrioventricular nodal ablation in atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Association between chromosome 9p21 variants and the ankle-brachial index identified by a meta-analysis of 21 genome-wide association studies.
Common genetic variation in the 3'-BCL11B gene desert is associated with carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity and excess cardiovascular disease risk: the AortaGen Consortium.
MIBG scintigraphy in differential diagnosis of Parkinsonism: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of unfractionated heparin plus glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors during revascularization for an acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized trials performed with stents and thienopyridines.
ω-3 fatty acids therapy for IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Retention of orthodontic brackets bonded with resin-modified GIC versus composite resin adhesives--a quantitative systematic review of clinical trials.
Nonoperative versus operative treatment for thoracolumbar burst fractures without neurologic deficit: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of experimental studies of diversion programs for juvenile offenders.
Attentional bias towards pain-related information in chronic pain; a meta-analysis of visual-probe investigations.
A meta-analysis of the effects of interleukin-6 -174 G>C genetic polymorphism on  acute graft-versus-host disease susceptibility.
A network meta-analysis on the efficacy of serotonin type 3 receptor antagonists  used in adults during the first 24 hours for postoperative nausea and vomiting prophylaxis.
Efficacy of bypassing agents in patients with hemophilia and inhibitors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Primary closure or rhomboid excision and Limberg flap for the management of primary sacrococcygeal pilonidal disease? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of temperament in axis I psychiatric disorders.
Effects of levosimendan on mortality and hospitalization. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
The frequency of thrombotic events among adults given antifibrinolytic drugs for  spontaneous bleeding: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies and randomized trials.
TLR9 polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus risk in Asians: a meta-analysis study.
Virtual reality exposure therapy in anxiety disorders: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Quantifying the effect of metformin treatment and dose on glycemic control.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metabolic syndrome in adult cancer survivors: a meta-analysis.
Common variation in oxidative phosphorylation genes is not a major cause of insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes.
Transparent cap-assisted colonoscopy versus standard adult colonoscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the p73 exon 2 G4C14-to-A4T14 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Three genetic polymorphisms of homocysteine-metabolizing enzymes and risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis based on 23 case-control studies.
[Clinical efficacy and achievement of a complete remission in depression: increasing interest in treatment with escitalopram].
The role of carbon dioxide insufflation in colonoscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Birth weight and prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE): a meta-analysis within 12 European Birth  Cohorts.
Genome-wide linkage meta-analysis identifies susceptibility loci at 2q34 and 13q31.3 for genetic generalized epilepsies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of heart rate variability in epilepsy and antiepileptic drugs.
A meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies on unilateral refractory temporal lobe epilepsy.
Plant sterols and cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers are beneficial in normotensive atherosclerotic patients: a collaborative meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The risk of skin rash and stomatitis with the mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitor temsirolimus: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Intra-operative conversion is a cause of masked mortality in off-pump coronary artery bypass: a meta-analysis.
Antihypertensive effects and safety of eprosartan: a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Systematic assessment and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of fasudil in  the treatment of cerebral vasospasm in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Venous and pulmonary thromboembolism and combined hormonal contraceptives. Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Value of diffusion-weighted imaging for the discrimination of pancreatic lesions: a meta-analysis.
Voxel-wise meta-analysis of gray matter abnormalities in idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Effect of combined aerobic and resistance training versus aerobic training alone  in individuals with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
18F-FDG PET, combined FDG-PET/CT and MRI for evaluation of bone marrow infiltration in staging of lymphoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The accuracy of sentinel node biopsy in breast cancer patients with the history of previous surgical biopsy of the primary lesion: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Transforaminal injection of corticosteroids for lumbar radiculopathy: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clear cell renal cell carcinoma gene expression defines a variant subgroup and identifies gender influences on tumor biology.
Therapeutic approach for patients with catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular  tachycardia: state of the art and future developments.
Statins for primary prevention of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events in diabetic patients without established cardiovascular diseases: a meta-analysis.
Elective single embryo transfer and perinatal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
EUS-guided FNA for diagnosis of solid pancreatic neoplasms: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of EUS in differentiating mucosal versus submucosal invasion  of superficial esophageal cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of self-expandable stents in the treatment of bariatric surgery leaks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variations of prostate stem cell antigen (PSCA) contribute to the risk of gastric cancer for Eastern Asians: a meta-analysis based on 16792 individuals.
The autoimmune disease-associated IL2RA locus is involved in the clinical manifestations of systemic sclerosis.
High-risk consumers' perceptions of preimplantation genetic diagnosis for hereditary cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the T45G and G276T polymorphisms in the adiponectin gene with PCOS: A meta-analysis.
Are all human-derived follicle-stimulating hormone products the same? A systematic review and meta-analysis using direct and adjusted indirect analyses,  to determine whether Fostimon® is more efficient than Metrodin-HP®.
Prognostic significance of tumor-infiltrating T cells in ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin A and risk of cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Influence of access site selection on PCI-related adverse events in patients with STEMI: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Effects of age on long-term outcomes after a routine invasive or selective invasive strategy in patients presenting with non-ST segment elevation acute coronary syndromes: a collaborative analysis of individual data from the FRISC II - ICTUS - RITA-3 (FIR) trials.
Brain regions involved in human movement perception: a quantitative voxel-based meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of new genome-wide association studies of colorectal cancer risk.
Genomewide association study using a high-density single nucleotide polymorphism  array and case-control design identifies a novel essential hypertension susceptibility locus in the promoter region of endothelial NO synthase.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of preterm birth and later systolic blood pressure.
Infants' sensitivity to pictorial depth cues: a review and meta-analysis of looking studies.
A meta-analysis and systematic review on the effect of probiotics in acute diarrhea.
Incidence of liver toxicity in inflammatory bowel disease patients treated with methotrexate: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Transmission distortion in Crohn's disease risk gene ATG16L1 leads to sex difference in disease association.
Associations between eNOS polymorphisms and susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Associations between interleukin-23R polymorphisms and ankylosing spondylitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and the risk of male infertility: a meta-analysis.
The burden of cervical cancer in China: synthesis of the evidence.
Moxifloxacin monotherapy for treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Effect of teriparatide on bone mineral density and fracture in postmenopausal osteoporosis: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Diagnostic accuracy of 18 F-FDG and 11 C-PIB-PET for prediction of short-term conversion to Alzheimer's disease in subjects with mild cognitive impairment.
E-cadherin (CDH1) gene promoter polymorphism and the risk of colorectal cancer :  a meta-analysis.
Physical activity and risk of cardiovascular disease--a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Tumor necrosis factor α -308 G>A polymorphisms and cervical cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of absolute lymphocyte count at diagnosis of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Does HLA-B*2706 protect against ankylosing spondylitis? A meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of ceftriaxone for uncomplicated gonorrhoea: a meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
CCL2−2518 (A/G) polymorphisms and tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Cruciferous vegetables intake and risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Population screening for prostate cancer: an overview of available studies and meta-analysis.
Effect of surgical repair on testosterone production in infertile men with varicocele: a meta-analysis.
Monoamine oxidase A gene polymorphism and suicide: an association study and meta-analysis.
The I/D polymorphism of angiotensin-converting enzyme gene in major depressive disorder and therapeutic outcome: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Age- and gender-specific prevalence of depression in latest-life--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of DRD2 gene polymorphisms with mood disorders: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of omega-3 fatty acids and incidence of atrial fibrillation.
Efficacy of cognitive behavioral therapy for anxiety disorders in older people: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized controlled trials.
Effectiveness of intervention programs in preventing falls: a systematic review of recent 10 years and meta-analysis.
Very late initiation of HAART impairs treatment response at 48 and 96 weeks: results from a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Influence of periodontal therapy on C-reactive protein level: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Understanding the effect size of lisdexamfetamine dimesylate for treating ADHD in children and adults.
Analysis of functional and pathway association of differential co-expressed genes: a case study in drug addiction.
Meta-analysis of phase III trials of docetaxel alone or in combination with chemotherapy in metastatic breast cancer.
Addition of iron to erythropoiesis-stimulating agents in cancer patients: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Milrinone and mortality in adult cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Association between postoperative acute kidney injury and duration of cardiopulmonary bypass: a meta-analysis.
Remifentanil in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The benefit of cardiac resynchronization therapy and QRS duration: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of colesevelam on lowering glycemia and lipids.
Meta-analysis of the effect of central neuraxial regional anesthesia compared with general anesthesia on postoperative natural killer T lymphocyte function.
Clinical performance of access flap surgery in the treatment of the intrabony defect. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Sponsorship, antidepressant dose, and outcome in major depressive disorder: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Sudden gains during psychological treatments of anxiety and depression: a meta-analysis.
NTrap in prevention of stone migration during ureteroscopic lithotripsy for proximal ureteral stones: a meta-analysis.
Null genotype of glutathione S-transferase Tl contributes to colorectal cancer risk in the Asian population: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of imaging techniques for the diagnosis of complex regional pain syndrome type I.
Physical activity interventions with healthy minority adults: meta-analysis of behavior and health outcomes.
Effect of remote ischemic preconditioning on myocardial and renal injury: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis combining new and existing data sets confirms that the TERT-CLPTM1L locus influences melanoma risk.
CHEK2*1100delC and risk of malignant melanoma: Danish and German studies and meta-analysis.
Moderate to severe, but not mild, maternal anemia is associated with increased risk of small-for-gestational-age outcomes.
Treatment with magnesium sulphate in pre-term birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Risk factors for patellofemoral pain syndrome: a systematic review.
Accuracy of diagnostic antibody tests for coeliac disease in children: summary of an evidence report.
The effect of smoking on periodontal bone regeneration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Uncovering the affective core of conscientiousness: the role of self-conscious emotions.
Voxel-wise meta-analysis of fMRI studies in patients at clinical high risk for psychosis.
Does the modality effect exist? And if so, which modality effect?
The effects of plyometric training on sprint performance: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the effects of physical training on load carriage performance.
An updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing irinotecan/platinum with etoposide/platinum in patients with previously untreated extensive-stage small cell lung cancer.
The gain-of-function variant allele CYP2C19*17: a double-edged sword between thrombosis and bleeding in clopidogrel-treated patients.
Tumour necrosis factor-α-857T allele reduces the risk of hepatitis B virus infection in an Asian population.
Performance of Acoustic Radiation Force Impulse imaging for the staging of liver  fibrosis: a pooled meta-analysis.
The tumour necrosis factor-α-238A allele increases the risk of chronic HBV infection in European populations.
Impact of erythropoietin on sustained virological response to peginterferon and ribavirin therapy for HCV infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
2008 estimate of worldwide rotavirus-associated mortality in children younger than 5 years before the introduction of universal rotavirus vaccination programmes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic skull base reconstruction of large dural defects: a systematic review  of published evidence.
Stopping the revolving door: a meta-analysis on the effectiveness of interventions for criminally involved individuals with major mental disorders.
Meta-analysis for the potential application of FLT3-TKD mutations as prognostic indicator in non-promyelocytic AML.
[A meta-analysis for the effectiveness external radiation vs transoral laser surgery for treatment of early glottic carcinoma].
Association between occult hepatitis B infection and the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis suggests that smoking is associated with an increased risk of early natural menopause.
CXCL12 G801A polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the effect of ABCA1 R219K polymorphism on the risk of  coronary heart disease.
MTHFR 677C>T and 1298A>C polymorphisms and male infertility risk: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the association between three promoter variants of TNF-α and Crohn's disease.
CDH1 promoter polymorphism and stomach cancer susceptibility.
Association between type 2 diabetes and CDKN2A/B: a meta-analysis study.
Combined analysis of the association between p73 G4C14-to-A4T14 polymorphisms and cancer risk.
Interleukin-18 promoter polymorphism and asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
XPA A23G polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Survivin promoter -31G/C (rs9904341) polymorphism and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between two genetic polymorphisms of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of XRCC1 and gastric cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between ATM 5557G>A polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Methionine synthase reductase A66G polymorphism contributes to tumor susceptibility: evidence from 35 case-control studies.
Association of angiotensin-converting enzyme I/D polymorphism with heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Handedness correlates with the dominant Parkinson side: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Very early steroid withdrawal or complete avoidance for kidney transplant recipients: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage scans for renal function traits.
Effect of interferon-alpha-based antiviral therapy on hepatitis C virus-associated glomerulonephritis: a meta-analysis.
Activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of motor-related neural activity after stroke.
Exposure to subliminal arousing stimuli induces robust activation in the amygdala, hippocampus, anterior cingulate, insular cortex and primary visual cortex: a systematic meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
PTPN22 and myasthenia gravis: replication in an Italian population and meta-analysis of literature data.
Neural circuitry of PTSD with or without mild traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies of white matter volume alterations in Alzheimer's disease.
A meta-analysis of heart rate variability and neuroimaging studies: implications  for heart rate variability as a marker of stress and health.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the fMRI investigation of autism spectrum disorders.
Does exercise improve weight loss after bariatric surgery? A systematic review.
Genetic polymorphisms in adipokine genes and the risk of obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿The Braden Scale cannot be used alone for assessing pressure ulcer risk in surgical patients: a meta-analysis.
Conservative management versus stereotactic radiation for vestibular schwannomas: a meta-analysis of patients with more than 5 years' follow-up.
Are elderly patients at increased risk of complications following pacemaker implantation? A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Time to take stock: a meta-analysis and systematic review of analgesic treatment  disparities for pain in the United States.
Ethanol locks to prevent catheter-related bloodstream infections in parenteral nutrition: a meta-analysis.
Twenty-five years of hidden profiles in group decision making: a meta-analysis.
Taking stock of self-control: a meta-analysis of how trait self-control relates to a wide range of behaviors.
Methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphisms and their association with methotrexate toxicity: a meta-analysis.
Homocysteine and coronary heart disease: meta-analysis of MTHFR case-control studies, avoiding publication bias.
Epidemiological characteristic of acute pancreatitis in Trzebnica district.
The effects of gender on grey matter abnormalities in major psychoses: a comparative voxelwise meta-analysis of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
The accuracy or inaccuracy of affective forecasts depends on how accuracy is indexed: a meta-analysis of past studies.
Polyvalent mechanical bacterial lysate for the prevention of recurrent respiratory infections: a meta-analysis.
Adverse events associated with individual statin treatments for cardiovascular disease: an indirect comparison meta-analysis.
The active cycle of breathing technique: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Therapeutic hypothermia and prevention of acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Does therapeutic hypothermia benefit adult cardiac arrest patients presenting with non-shockable initial rhythms?: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and non-randomized studies.
[Efficacy of nifurtimox for the treatment of chronic Chagas disease].
Candidate gene studies of fibromyalgia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Carpal tunnel syndrome and its relationship to occupation: a meta-analysis.
Effect of Helicobacter pylori treatment on gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD): meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Alpha-2 receptor antagonist add-on therapy in the treatment of schizophrenia; a meta-analysis.
[Undesired side effects of tapentadol in comparison to oxycodone. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled comparative studies].
Male circumcision and genital human papillomavirus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Insomnia and daytime cognitive performance: a meta-analysis.
Kinesio taping in treatment and prevention of sports injuries: a meta-analysis of the evidence for its effectiveness.
Patent foramen ovale closure and medical treatments for secondary stroke prevention: a systematic review of observational and randomized evidence.
Effect of antihypertensive therapy on incident stroke in cohorts with prehypertensive blood pressure levels: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lymph node harvested in laparoscopic versus open colorectal cancer approaches: a  meta-analysis.
Focus on abdominal rectopexy for full-thickness rectal prolapse: meta-analysis of literature.
Meta-analysis of postoperatively stenting or not in patients underwent ureteroscopic lithotripsy.
Treatment for intermittent claudication and the effects on walking distance and quality of life.
The effect of cognitive behavioral group therapy for depression: a meta-analysis  2000-2010.
[A meta analysis on acupuncture treatment of shoulder-hand syndrome].
[Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of Chinese herbal medicine in treatment of multiple sclerosis].
[Use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in adults with acute respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis].
[Meta analysis on the correlation between Mycobacterium tuberculosis Beijing family strains and drug resistance].
Red and processed meat consumption and risk of pancreatic cancer: meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Physical activity for cancer survivors: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Self-monitoring of oral anticoagulation: systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Prostate cancer and toxicity from critical use exemptions of methyl bromide: environmental protection helps protect against human health risks.
Atorvastatin decreases lipoprotein(a): a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Diagnostic value of fine-needle aspiration biopsy for breast mass: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of exercise training on depressive symptoms among patients with a chronic  illness: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analyses identify 13 loci associated with age at menopause and highlight DNA repair and immune pathways.
Present and future of prophylactic antibiotics for severe acute pancreatitis.
Comparison of alternative versions of the job demand-control scales in 17 European cohort studies: the IPD-Work consortium.
The efficacy of intranasal live attenuated influenza vaccine in children 2 through 17 years of age: a meta-analysis of 8 randomized controlled studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the value of initial biomarkers in predicting adverse outcome in febrile neutropenic episodes in children and young  people with cancer.
Therapeutic ultrasound for carpal tunnel syndrome.
Intravesical gemcitabine for non-muscle invasive bladder cancer.
Intracutaneous or subcutaneous sterile water injection compared with blinded controls for pain management in labour.
Interventions for smoking cessation in Indigenous populations.
Vigabatrin versus carbamazepine monotherapy for epilepsy.
Antibiotic therapy for preventing infections in patients with acute stroke.
Interventions for fatigue and weight loss in adults with advanced progressive illness.
Narrow band imaging versus conventional white light colonoscopy for the detection of colorectal polyps.
Continuous passive motion for preventing venous thromboembolism after total knee  arthroplasty.
Continuous glucose monitoring systems for type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Prophylactic phototherapy for preventing jaundice in preterm or low birth weight  infants.
High-dose therapy with autologous stem cell transplantation versus chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy for follicular lymphoma in adults.
Tranexamic acid for upper gastrointestinal bleeding.
Interventions for preventing weight gain after smoking cessation.
High-carbohydrate, high-protein, low-fat versus low-carbohydrate, high-protein, high-fat enteral feeds for burns.
Self-monitoring of blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus who are not using insulin.
Steroids for acute spinal cord injury.
Symptomatic in-hospital deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism following hip and knee arthroplasty among patients receiving recommended prophylaxis: a systematic review.
Genetic association between the dopamine D3 receptor gene polymorphism (Ser9Gly)  and tardive dyskinesia in patients with schizophrenia: a reevaluation in East Asian populations.
Age-related change in brain metabolite abnormalities in autism: a meta-analysis of proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy studies.
Golgi protein 73 versus alpha-fetoprotein as a biomarker for hepatocellular carcinoma: a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Saxagliptin for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus: assessing cardiovascular data.
Meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies of emotion perception and experience in schizophrenia.
Dietary sugars and body weight: systematic review and meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials and cohort studies.
The effect of estrogen vs. combined estrogen-progestogen therapy on the risk of colorectal cancer.
The association of cystathionine β synthase (CBS) T833C polymorphism and the risk of stroke: a meta-analysis.
Is the virulence of HIV changing? A meta-analysis of trends in prognostic markers of HIV disease progression and transmission.
A genome-wide meta-analysis of nodular sclerosing Hodgkin lymphoma identifies risk loci at 6p21.32.
A meta-analysis of randomized head-to-head trials of atorvastatin versus rosuvastatin for reductions in C-reactive protein.
Does GP training in depression care affect patient outcome? - A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular safety with linagliptin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a pre-specified, prospective, and adjudicated meta-analysis of a phase 3 programme.
Effects of the calcium-sensing receptor A986S polymorphism on serum calcium and parathyroid hormone levels in healthy individuals: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of microarray gene expression studies on intracranial aneurysms.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter reduction in major depressive disorder.
The effect of combination treatment with aliskiren and blockers of the renin-angiotensin system on hyperkalaemia and acute kidney injury: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of observational studies with unmeasured confounders.
Association between 1425G/A SNP in PRKCH and ischemic stroke among Chinese and Japanese populations: a meta-analysis including 3686 cases and 4589 controls.
The TERT rs2736100 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 25 case-control studies.
Autologous stem cell transplantation in follicular lymphoma: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Clindamycin plus quinine for treating uncomplicated falciparum malaria: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Study factors influencing ventricular enlargement in schizophrenia: a 20 year follow-up meta-analysis.
The Bethesda System for Reporting Thyroid Cytopathology: a meta-analysis.
Antifibrinolytic therapy in the management of aneurismal subarachnoid hemorrhage  revisited. A meta-analysis.
Augmentation of clozapine with a second antipsychotic - a meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption and the intention to engage in unprotected sex: systematic review and meta-analysis of experimental studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on the use of honey to protect from the effects of radiation-induced oral mucositis.
DPP-4 inhibitors and lipids: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: therapeutic effect of transcatheter arterial chemoembolization combined with compound kushen injection in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Effects of physical exercise therapy on mobility, physical functioning, physical  activity and quality of life in community-dwelling older adults with impaired mobility, physical disability and/or multi-morbidity: a meta-analysis.
Memory training interventions for older adults: a meta-analysis.
Effects of reminiscence interventions on psychosocial outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Mother's CD4+ count moderates the risk associated with higher parity for late postnatal HIV-free survival of breastfed children: an individual patient data meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Sex differences in adherence to highly active antiretroviral therapy: a meta-analysis.
Forced bachelors, migration and HIV transmission risk in the context of China's gender imbalance: a meta-analysis.
HIV seroconversion and prevalence rates in heterosexual discordant couples in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of hospital, clinic and provider volume with HIV/AIDS care and mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the relative efficacy of oral bowel preparations for colonoscopy 1985-2010.
Meta-analysis: pioglitazone improves liver histology and fibrosis in patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of acupoint stimulation on smoking cessation.
Meta-analysis of the clinical effect of ligustrazine on diabetic nephropathy.
Maternal homocysteine and small-for-gestational-age offspring: systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D deficiency and mortality risk in the general population: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
The efficacy and safety of rifaximin for the irritable bowel syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment of hypertension with renin-angiotensin system inhibitors and renal dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of hospitalists on length of stay and costs: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Renal replacement therapies for prevention of radiocontrast-induced nephropathy:  a systematic review.
Preoperative thienopyridine use and outcomes after surgery: a systematic review.
Lack of association between p.Ser167Asn variant of Parkin and Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of 15 studies involving 2,280 cases and 2,459 controls.
Chronic kidney disease and cognitive impairment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The moderating effect of adherence-promoting interventions with clients on evidence-based practices for children and adolescents with mental health problems.
The effect of statin therapy on ventricular tachyarrhythmias: a meta-analysis.
Benefits and risks of using gelatin solution as a plasma expander for perioperative and critically ill patients: a meta-analysis.
Fluid resuscitation with 6% hydroxyethyl starch (130/0.4) in acutely ill patients: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Rational minimally invasive nature in surgical reconstructions of the abdominal  aorta].
Mouthwash and oral cancer risk quantitative meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of practice facilitation within primary care  settings.
Association of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene A1298C polymorphism with male infertility: a meta-analysis.
Meta analysis of the association between MTHFR C677T polymorphism and the risk of congenital heart defects.
Does achieving an intensive versus usual blood pressure level prevent stroke?
Meta-analysis of p-wave dispersion values in healthy individuals: the influence of clinical characteristics.
Cardiovascular disease mortality and cancer incidence in vegetarians: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of the association of the C677T polymorphism of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene with hyperuricemia.
Dairy products and colorectal cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of cohort studies.
A meta-analysis on alcohol drinking and gastric cancer risk.
Novel identification of the IRF7 region as an anticentromere autoantibody propensity locus in systemic sclerosis.
Antivirals for management of herpes zoster including ophthalmicus: a systematic review of high-quality randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis comparing laparoscopic partial versus Nissen fundoplication.
Chorioamnionitis as a risk factor for bronchopulmonary dysplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Contribution of NAD(P)H quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) Pro187Ser polymorphism and risk of colorectal adenoma and colorectal cancer in Caucasians: a meta-analysis.
Is C677T polymorphism in methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene a risk factor for diabetic nephropathy or diabetes mellitus in a Chinese population?
Parental smoking and the risk of middle ear disease in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intracoronary ultrasound-guided stenting improves outcomes: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
On-pump versus off-pump coronary-artery bypass surgery: a meta-analysis.
Molecular adsorbent recirculating system as artificial support therapy for liver  failure: a meta-analysis.
Glutamine for chemotherapy induced diarrhea: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open distal pancreatectomy: a meta-analysis.
Association between GSTM1 polymorphism and nasopharyngeal cancer susceptibility:  a meta-analysis.
Association of TNF-α-308 and -238 polymorphisms with risk of cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of concurrent chemoradiotherapy followed by adjuvant chemotherapy versus concurrent chemoradiotherapy alone in locoregionally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a meta-analysis of 793 patients from 5 randomized controlled trials.
Insertion/deletion (I/D) in the angiotensin-converting enzyme gene and breast cancer risk: lack of association in a meta- analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of ultrasonograph guided fine-needle aspiration cytologic in  staging of axillary lymph node metastasis in breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Current evidence on the relationship between two polymorphisms in the NBS1 gene and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between the XRCC3 T241M polymorphism and head and neck cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of EFGR tyrosine kinase inhibitor monotherapy with standard second-line chemotherapy in previously treated advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between interleukin-8-251 T>A polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 3,019 cases and 3,984 controls.
Occupational cooking and risk of uveal melanoma: a meta-analysis.
CYP2E1 RsaI/PstI polymorphism and liver cancer risk among east Asians: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Association between p53 codon 72 polymorphism and cervical cancer risk among Asians: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Association between XRCC1 gene polymorphisms and risk of glioma development: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of fluorescence in situ hybridization assay in malignant mesothelioma: a meta-analysis.
Transforming growth factor beta-1 C-509T polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 55 case-control studies.
No association between egg intake and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
MTHFR gene polymorphisms are not involved in pancreatic cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association of glutathione S-transferase M3 gene polymorphism with the susceptibility of lung cancer.
Meta-analysis of the relation between the VDR gene TaqIpolymorphism and genetic susceptibility to prostate cancer in Asian populations.
Relationship between GSTT1 gene polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma in patients from China.
Glutathione-S-transferase T1 polymorphism is associated with esophageal cancer risk in Chinese Han population.
Comparison different methods of intraoperative and intraperitoneal chemotherapy for patients with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Sirolimus and non-melanoma skin cancer prevention after kidney transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of associations between the MDM2-T309G polymorphism and prostate cancer risk.
Association between TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Concurrent weekly cisplatin versus triweekly cisplatin with radiotherapy in the treatment of cervical cancer: a meta-analysis result.
Diabetes mellitus and prostate cancer risk in Asian countries: a meta-analysis.
No association between MTHFR A1298C gene polymorphism and head and neck cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 9,952 subjects.
MTHFR C677T polymorphism and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Variants on ESR1 and their association with prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Postmenopausal hormone therapy is associated with in situ breast cancer risk.
MTHFR C677T polymorphism and pancreatic cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between the CYP1A1 Ile462Val polymorphism and endometrial cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between the GSTP1 codon 105 polymorphism and gastric cancer risk: an  updated meta-analysis.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln gene polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma risk in the Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis.
CHEK2 1100delC variant and breast cancer risk in Caucasians: a meta-analysis based on 25 studies with 29,154 cases and 37,064 controls.
TERT rs2736098 polymorphism and cancer risk: results of a meta-analysis.
Association of functional polymorphisms of the XRCC4 gene with the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
TNM stages and prognostic features of colorectal mucinous adenocarcinomas: a meta analysis.
Lack of association between LIG4 gene polymorphisms and the risk of breast cancer: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Meta analysis of studies about breast self examination between 2000-2009 in Turkey.
Relationship between the prohibitin 3' untranslated region C > T gene polymorphism and cancer susceptibility--results of a meta-analysis.
Association between XPD Asp312Asn polymorphism and esophageal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Whole brain radiotherapy plus chemotherapy in the treatment of brain metastases from lung cancer: a meta-analysis of 19 randomized controlled trails.
Genetic variants of CYP2D6 gene and cancer risk: a HuGE systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physical activity and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort  studies.
Association between green tea and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 13 case-control studies.
No association between the GSTM1 null genotype and risk of renal cell carcinoma:  a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of vascular endothelial growth factor expression in resected gastric cancer.
Matrix metalloproteinase-9 as a prognostic factor in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of the PSCA rs2294008 C>T polymorphism with gastric cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Quantitative assessment of the effects of MMP-2 polymorphisms on lung carcinoma risk.
Association between MDM2 promoter SNP309 T/G polymorphism and liver cancer risk - a meta-analysis.
Passive smoking and cervical cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 3,230 cases and 2,982 controls.
The GSTT1 null genotype contributes to increased risk of prostate cancer in Asians: a meta-analysis.
3R variant of thymidylate synthase 5'-untranslated enhanced region contributes to colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The MTHFR C677T polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: new findings from a meta-analysis of 7306 cases and 8062 controls.
Systematic review on Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) DNA in diagnosis of nasopharyngeal  carcinoma in Asian populations.
Residential radon and lung cancer risk: an updated meta- analysis of case-control studies.
P53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and bladder cancer risk--meta-analysis evidence for a link in Asians but not Caucasians.
Prognostic role of microRNA-21 in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effects of the cyclin D1 polymorphism on lung cancer risk--a meta-analysis.
MTHFR polymorphisms and pancreatic cancer risk: lack of evidence from a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and cervical cancer risk:  a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene C677T polymorphism and lung cancer: an updated meta-analysis.
Association of reduced immunohistochemical expression of E-cadherin with a poor ovarian cancer prognosis--results of a meta-analysis.
The lymphotoxin-α 252A>G polymorphism and breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
2R of thymidylate synthase 5'-untranslated enhanced region contributes to gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Updated meta-analysis of the TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and gastric cancer risk.
Recurrence after anatomic resection versus nonanatomic resection for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
The CHEK2 I157T variant and breast cancer susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MTHFR C677T polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk in Asians, a meta-analysis of 21 studies.
Lack of association between the hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of circulating tumor cells as a prognostic marker in lung cancer.
Association between the FAS/FASL polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Pro variant of TP53 Arg72Pro contributes to gastric cancer risk in Asians: evidence from a meta-analysis.
MLH1 polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 33 case-control studies.
Meta-analysis of the association between GSTM1 and GSTT1 gene polymorphisms and cervical cancer.
Association between the Ku70-1310C/G promoter polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1-77T>C polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta- analysis.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable esophageal carcinoma: a meta-analysis of  randomized clinical trials.
XRCC1 polymorphisms are associated with cervical cancer risk and response to chemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1(XRCC1) genetic polymorphisms and thyroid carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
The NQO1 rs1800566 polymorphism and risk of bladder cancer: evidence from 6,169 subjects.
Prostate cancer risk in relation to a single nucleotide polymorphism in the insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 (IGFBP3) gene: a meta-analysis.
Immunodiagnostic efficacy of detection of Schistosoma japonicum human infections  in China: a meta analysis.
Effect of cilostazol on the progression of carotid intima-media thickness: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Carotid plaque, compared with carotid intima-media thickness, more accurately predicts coronary artery disease events: a meta-analysis.
Specificity in rehabilitation of word production: a meta-analysis and a case study.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of genetic susceptible genes for Type 2 Diabetes.
Efficacy of biologics in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Impact of maternal supplementation with probiotics during pregnancy on atopic eczema in childhood--a meta-analysis.
Efficacy, cost-effectiveness and acceptability of self-help interventions for anxiety disorders: systematic review.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of immediate total-body computed tomography compared with selective radiological imaging of injured patients.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the use of lightweight versus heavyweight  mesh in open inguinal hernia repair.
Neuroanatomic changes and their association with cognitive decline in mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis.
Is 18F-FDG PET accurate to predict neoadjuvant therapy response in breast cancer? A meta-analysis.
The relationship between twin births and maternal risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Carotenoids and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Aspirin use and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The associations between two polymorphisms in the interleukin-10 gene promoter and breast cancer risk.
Glidescope® video-laryngoscopy versus direct laryngoscopy for endotracheal intubation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cytokine gene polymorphisms and Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of XRCC4 polymorphisms and cancer risk based on 31 case-control studies.
Cholecystectomy and risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of docetaxel-based doublet versus docetaxel alone as second-line treatment for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Exercise effects on depressive symptoms in cancer survivors: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Sex hormones, hormonal interventions, and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Updated evidence on intracoronary abciximab in ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Local ischemic postconditioning during primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Cilostazol-based triple antiplatelet therapy compared to dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with coronary stent implantation: a meta-analysis of 5,821 patients.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials appraising the efficacy and safety of cilostazol after coronary artery stent implantation.
Apolipoprotein A5 gene promoter region-1131T/C polymorphism is associated with risk of ischemic stroke and elevated triglyceride levels: a meta-analysis.
Acupuncture for Bell's palsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of micafungin for invasive candida infections: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing the effectiveness of on-pump and off-pump coronary artery bypass.
Sodium bicarbonate therapy for the prevention of contrast-induced acute kidney injury – a systematic review and meta-analysis –.
Remote ischemic conditioning in percutaneous coronary intervention and coronary artery bypass grafting.
Effects of rosuvastatin and atorvastatin on renal function: meta-analysis.
The role of Factor V Leiden in adult patients with venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis of published studies from Turkey.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 E469K gene polymorphism and coronary artery disease in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis involving 3065 subjects.
Evidence of genetic association between TNFRSF1A encoding the p55 tumour necrosis factor receptor, and ankylosing spondylitis in UK Caucasians.
Meta-analysis on the association between nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use  and lung cancer risk.
Does a third party observer affect neuropsychological test performance? It depends.
Comparing the Pilates method with no exercise or lumbar stabilization for pain and functionality in patients with chronic low back pain: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Biochemical, bone and renal patterns in hyperparathyroidism associated with multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1.
Diagnostic performance of chromoendoscopy and narrow band imaging for colonic neoplasms: a meta-analysis.
Anticholinergic effects of oral antipsychotic drugs of typicals versus atypicals  over medium- and long-term: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neurological soft signs in patients with psychosis and cannabis abuse: a systematic review and meta-analysis of paradox.
The association between cannabis use and earlier age at onset of schizophrenia and other psychoses: meta-analysis of possible confounding factors.
Cannabis use and duration of untreated psychosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Brain structural abnormalities at the onset of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis of controlled magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Neurocognition in the psychosis risk syndrome: a quantitative and qualitative review.
Circumscribing the conformational peptide epitope landscape.
Vitamin D deficiency, cognitive impairment and dementia: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Gray matter atrophy in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia: a meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Executive function and activities of daily living in Alzheimer's disease: a correlational meta-analysis.
Apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism in a Chinese population with vascular dementia: a meta-analysis.
Decrease recurrence rate of condylomata acuminata by photodynamic therapy combined with CO2 laser in mainland China: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis investigating factors underlying attrition rates in infant ERP studies.
The effect of nurse-led diabetes self-management education on glycosylated hemoglobin and cardiovascular risk factors: a meta-analysis.
Achieving a clinically relevant composite outcome of an HbA1c of <7% without weight gain or hypoglycaemia in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of the liraglutide clinical trial programme.
An updated meta-analysis of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene 677C/T polymorphism with diabetic nephropathy and diabetic retinopathy.
Impact of pancreatic margin status and lymph node metastases on recurrence after  resection for invasive and noninvasive intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms of the pancreas: a meta-analysis.
Target-drug interactions: first principles and their application to drug discovery.
CD40 C/T-1 polymorphism plays different roles in Graves' disease and Hashimoto's  thyroiditis: a meta-analysis.
Association of IRS-1 and IRS-2 genes polymorphisms with polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Association of Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase Nonreceptor 22 (PTPN22) C1858T gene polymorphism with susceptibility to autoimmune thyroid diseases: a meta-analysis.
Sentinel lymph node biopsy techniques in thyroid pathologies--a meta-analysis.
EGFR mutations in non-small-cell lung cancer among smokers and non-smokers: a meta-analysis.
Roadway characteristics and pediatric pedestrian injury.
Marijuana use and motor vehicle crashes.
Migration, social mobility and common mental disorders: critical review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the effects of the smoke-free class competition on smoking prevention in adolescents.
Eight genetic loci associated with variation in lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 mass and activity and coronary heart disease: meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from five community-based studies.
Early invasive compared with a selective invasive strategy in women with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes: a substudy of the OASIS 5 trial and a  meta-analysis of previous randomized trials.
The efficacy of zoledronic acid in breast cancer adjuvant therapy: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Ulceration and stage are predictive of interferon efficacy in melanoma: results of the phase III adjuvant trials EORTC 18952 and EORTC 18991.
Diabetes mellitus and increased risk of cholangiocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Estimating the risk of complications related to re-exploration for bleeding after adult cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body composition and quality of life in adults treated with GH therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Short- and long-term outcomes of intracoronary and endogenously mobilized bone marrow stem cells in the treatment of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Arthritis in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Efficacy of auto-crosslinked hyaluronan gel for adhesion prevention in laparoscopy and hysteroscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and tolerability of prostaglandin-timolol fixed combinations: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Magnetic resonance imaging studies in unipolar depression: systematic review and  meta-regression analyses.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the preoperative assessment of patients with primary breast cancer: systematic review of diagnostic accuracy and meta-analysis.
Contemporary management of the painful bladder: a systematic review.
Clinical outcomes based on completeness of revascularisation in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of multivessel coronary artery disease studies.
Beneficial effects of right ventricular non-apical vs. apical pacing: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
Impact of GLP-1 receptor agonists on major gastrointestinal disorders for type 2  diabetes mellitus: a mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Associations of common variants at APLN and hypertension in Chinese subjects with and without diabetes.
Effects of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists on body weight: a meta-analysis.
Common variants of homocysteine metabolism pathway genes and risk of type 2 diabetes and related traits in Indians.
Increased prevalence of anxiety symptoms in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ovarian response to stimulation for fertility preservation in women with malignant disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early administration of low-dose aspirin for the prevention of preterm and term preeclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between PARP-1 V762A polymorphism and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Fallopian tube reanastomosis by laparotomy versus laparoscopy: a meta-analysis.
Is metformin indicated as primary ovulation induction agent in women with PCOS? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transoral laser surgery versus radiotherapy: systematic review and meta-analysis  for treatment options of T1a glottic cancer.
How effective were lifestyle interventions in real-world settings that were modeled on the Diabetes Prevention Program?
Effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of computer and other electronic aids for smoking cessation: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
An evaluation of the feasibility, cost and value of information of a multicentre  randomised controlled trial of intravenous immunoglobulin for sepsis (severe sepsis and septic shock): incorporating a systematic review, meta-analysis and value of information analysis.
Meta-analyses of the association between cytochrome CYP2C19 loss- and gain-of-function polymorphisms and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease treated with clopidogrel.
The incidence and risk factors of post-infectious irritable bowel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Dissociation between anterior and posterior cortical regions during self-specificity and familiarity: a combined fMRI-meta-analytic study.
Domain general and domain preferential brain regions associated with different types of task switching: a meta-analysis.
Serotonin 6 receptor gene and schizophrenia: case-control study and meta-analysis.
CFTR mutations in men with congenital bilateral absence of the vas deferens (CBAVD): a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Adiponectin levels in circulation and breast milk and mRNA expression in adipose  tissue of preeclampsia women.
Association between the angiotensinogen gene T174M polymorphism and hypertension  risk in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Association of PTPN22 C1858T polymorphism and type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Clofibrate for unconjugated hyperbilirubinemia in neonates: a systematic review.
Risk factors that predict mortality in patients with blunt chest wall trauma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of venlafaxine versus specific serotonin reuptake inhibitors in treatment of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Is birth weight associated with childhood lymphoma? A meta-analysis.
Effects of inhaled corticosteroids on airway inflammation in chronic obstructive  pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of indacaterol 75 μg versus fixed-dose combinations of formoterol-budesonide or salmeterol-fluticasone for COPD: a network meta-analysis.
Extraperitoneal vs. intraperitoneal route for permanent colostomy: a meta-analysis of 1,071 patients.
Botulinum toxin and anal fissure: efficacy and safety systematic review.
Association between OCTN1/2 gene polymorphisms (1672C-T, 207G-C) and susceptibility of Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Epidemiology of community-acquired pneumonia in children of Latin America and the Caribbean: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is Helicobacter pylori infection associated with asthma risk? A meta-analysis based on 770 cases and 785 controls.
Pooled analyses of the associations of polymorphisms in the GRK4 and EMILIN1 genes with hypertension risk.
Efficacy of mindfulness-based interventions on depressive symptoms among people with mental disorders: a meta-analysis.
Replication of 13 obesity loci among Singaporean Chinese, Malay and Asian-Indian  populations.
A systematic review of biologic and technical complications with fixed implant rehabilitations for edentulous patients.
Brief psychotherapy for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Living arrangements and risk for late life depression: a meta-analysis of published literature.
Time perspective and environmental engagement: a meta-analysis.
Birth cohort changes in Chinese adolescents' mental health.
Prophylaxis of radiation-induced nausea and vomiting using 5-hydroxytryptamine-3  serotonin receptor antagonists: a systematic review of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis examining the use of tacker fixation versus no-fixation of mesh in laparoscopic inguinal hernia repair.
Endovascular brachytherapy and restenosis following lower limb angioplasty: Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Microcolony culture techniques for tuberculosis diagnosis: a systematic review.
Clinical outcome after microfracture of the knee: a meta-analysis of before/after-data of controlled studies.
Validity of published outcome data concerning Anatomic Graduated Component total  knee arthroplasty: a structured literature review including arthroplasty register data.
Vasopressin for treatment of vasodilatory shock: an ESICM systematic review and meta-analysis.
Omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of atrial fibrillation recurrences after cardioversion: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of drug treatment for scrub typhus in Asia.
Meta-analysis: total parenteral nutrition versus total enteral nutrition in predicted severe acute pancreatitis.
Pharmacogenomics of antidepressant induced mania: a review and meta-analysis of the serotonin transporter gene (5HTTLPR) association.
Emotional decoding abilities in Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative meta-analysis of gray matter abnormalities in semantic dementia.
Physical activity in middle-age and dementia in later life: findings from a prospective cohort of men in Caerphilly, South Wales and a meta-analysis.
Dietary intakes of vitamin E, vitamin C, and β-carotene and risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Copper in Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis of serum, plasma, and cerebrospinal fluid studies.
Association between interleukin-10 polymorphisms and Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of multivitamins on cognitive performance: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of homocysteine lowering treatment on cognitive function: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder or attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms, restriction diet, and synthetic food color additives.
Effect of preventive interventions in mentally ill parents on the mental health of the offspring: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary fiber for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Extended practice and aerobic exercise interventions benefit untrained cognitive  outcomes in older adults: a meta-analysis.
A conceptual framework for rejection of care behaviors: review of literature and  analysis of role of dementia severity.
Segmental and global subclasses of class IV lupus nephritis have similar renal outcomes.
Continuous versus intermittent infusion of vancomycin for the treatment of Gram-positive infections: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the cross-cultural psychometric properties of the Social Phobia and Anxiety Inventory for Children (SPAI-C).
Interventions for generalized anxiety disorder in older adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fasting and post-challenge glucose as quantitative cardiovascular risk factors: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of single case research studies on aided augmentative and alternative communication systems with individuals with autism spectrum disorders.
Polypropylene-containing synthetic mesh devices in soft tissue repair: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of cause of death following total joint replacement using different thromboprophylaxis regimens.
Effect of vitamin K on bone mineral density: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the predictive value of KRAS mutations in treatment response using cetuximab in colorectal cancer.
Glycemic control in non-critically ill hospitalized patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Greater cognitive deterioration in women than men with Alzheimer's disease: a meta analysis.
ERCC1 and XPD/ERCC2 polymorphisms' predictive value of oxaliplatin-based chemotherapies in advanced colorectal cancer has an ethnic discrepancy: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of serum 1,3-β-D-glucan for pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia,  invasive candidiasis, and invasive aspergillosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Molecular detection of tumor cells in regional lymph nodes is associated with disease recurrence and poor survival in node-negative colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
LMP1 expression is positively associated with metastasis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Omega-3 for bipolar disorder: meta-analyses of use in mania and bipolar depression.
Bupropion sustained release added to group support for smoking cessation in schizophrenia: a new randomized trial and a meta-analysis.
Systemic lupus erythematosus with Sjögren syndrome compared to systemic lupus erythematosus alone: a meta-analysis.
Perceived racism and mental health among Black American adults: a meta-analytic review.
How central is the alliance in psychotherapy? A multilevel longitudinal meta-analysis.
Parental age as a risk factor for non-syndromic oral clefts: a meta-analysis.
Outcome of endodontic surgery: a meta-analysis of the literature--Part 2: Comparison of endodontic microsurgical techniques with and without the use of higher magnification.
Plasma levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and causation.
Socioeconomic disparities and health: impacts and pathways.
Dental age assessment (DAA): a study of a Caucasian population at the 13 year threshold.
Clinical outcomes of radiofrequency ablation and surgical resection for small hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
The effect of computers for weight loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of positive and negative age stereotype priming effects on behavior among older adults.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of elevated blood pressure and consumption  of dairy foods.
Plasma levels of matrix metalloproteinases and their inhibitors in hypertension:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Control of arterial hypertension in Spain: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of 76 epidemiological studies on 341 632 participants.
Use of cardioselective β-blockers in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary  disease: a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled, blinded trials.
Overweight, obesity and thyroid cancer risk: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Association between C-reactive protein concentration and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive dysfunction after off-pump versus on-pump coronary artery bypass surgery: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of trochanteric fractures with proximal femoral nail antirotation or dynamic hip screw systems: a meta-analysis.
TP53 codon 72 polymorphism with hepatocellular carcinoma: a metaanalysis.
Social behaviour risk factors for drug resistant tuberculosis in mainland China:  a meta-analysis.
Anaemia and prognosis in acute coronary syndromes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of cancer by transferrin saturation levels and haemochromatosis genotype: population-based study and meta-analysis.
Adults with reading disabilities: converting a meta-analysis to practice.
The effects of family therapies for adolescent delinquency and substance abuse: a meta-analysis.
Association of catechol-o-methyltransferase polymorphism (Val108/158Met) with Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
A population-based approach for the definition of chronic kidney disease: the CKD Prognosis Consortium.
Statin pretreatment may increase the risk of symptomatic intracranial haemorrhage in thrombolysis for ischemic stroke: results from a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Hypertonic saline for treating raised intracranial pressure: literature review with meta-analysis.
Primary hypertension and neurovascular compression: a meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies.
A meta-analysis shows that docosahexaenoic acid from algal oil reduces serum triglycerides and increases HDL-cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol in persons without coronary heart disease.
The effect of multiple micronutrient supplementation on mortality and morbidity of HIV-infected adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Occupational exposures and cancer of the larynx-systematic review and meta-analysis.
Female predominance and effect of gender on unilateral condylar hyperplasia: a review and meta-analysis.
Inferior or double joint spaces injection versus superior joint space injection for temporomandibular disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of pinning in supracondylar fracture of the humerus in children.
Effects of yoga interventions on pain and pain-associated disability: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of patient-family carer (couple) intervention for the management of symptoms and other health-related problems in people affected by cancer: a systematic literature search and narrative review.
Bed sharing and the risk of sudden infant death syndrome: can we resolve the debate?
Probiotic supplement reduces risk of necrotizing enterocolitis and mortality in preterm very low-birth-weight infants: an updated meta-analysis of 20 randomized, controlled trials.
The efficacy and tolerability of exenatide in comparison to placebo; a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Communication that values patient autonomy is associated with satisfaction with care: a systematic review.
Physical activity improves strength, balance and endurance in adults aged 40-65 years: a systematic review.
5HT3 antagonists for prophylaxis of postoperative nausea and vomiting in breast surgery: a meta-analysis.
IntraLase femtosecond laser vs mechanical microkeratomes in LASIK for myopia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of robot-assisted therapy on stroke rehabilitation in upper limbs: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Impact of incontinence surgery on sexual function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Victimization experiences of lesbian, gay, and bisexual individuals: a meta-analysis.
Integrated treatment programs for individuals with concurrent substance use disorders and trauma experiences: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The use of web-based interventions to prevent excessive weight gain.
An analysis, systematic review, and meta-analysis of the perioperative mortality  after neoadjuvant therapy and pneumonectomy for non-small cell lung cancer.
D-dimer for risk stratification in patients with acute pulmonary embolism.
Two monitoring methods of oral anticoagulant therapy in patients with mechanical  heart valve prothesis: a meta-analysis.
Environmental radon exposure and childhood leukemia.
Accuracy of sentinel lymph node biopsy for inguinal lymph node staging of penile  squamous cell carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Polymorphisms of genes involved in extracellular matrix remodeling and abdominal  aortic aneurysm.
Erythropoietin use and immunogenicity of hepatitis B virus vaccine in chronic kidney disease patients: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials comparing the clinical and radiological outcomes following minimally invasive to conventional exposure for total knee arthroplasty.
Efficacy and effectiveness of influenza vaccines: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predictive value of interferon-γ release assays for incident active tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laryngeal electromyography for prognosis of vocal fold palsy: a meta-analysis.
Response format, magnitude of laterality effects, and sex differences in laterality.
Sirolimus-based immunosuppression in liver transplantation for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
The association between interleukin-6 polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Screening of tuberculosis before biologics.
Meta-analysis of the increase in height in maxillary sinus elevations with osteotome.
[Multiple sclerosis in Argentina. Systematic review and meta-analysis].
A meta-analysis of the relationship between NAT2 polymorphism and colorectal cancer susceptibility.
A genetic variant in microRNA-196a2 is associated with increased cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of ERCC2/XPD polymorphisms and interaction with tobacco smoking in lung cancer susceptibility: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Association between KCNJ11 gene polymorphisms and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in East Asian populations: a meta-analysis in 42,573 individuals.
A meta-analysis of HLA-DR polymorphism and genetic susceptibility to idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
Associations between interleukin-10 polymorphisms and susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of β1-adrenergic receptor gene polymorphisms in idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
The association between GSTM1 polymorphism and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
CTLA-4 and TNF-α promoter-308 A/G polymorphisms and ANCA-associated vasculitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
CYP2E1 Rsa I/Pst I polymorphism contributes to oral cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Association between PON1 activity and coronary heart disease risk: a meta-analysis based on 43 studies.
Genome-wide association study of major depressive disorder: new results, meta-analysis, and lessons learned.
Meta-analysis of association between the Pro12Ala polymorphism of the peroxisome  proliferator-activated receptor-γ2 gene and diabetic retinopathy in Caucasians and Asians.
Genetic associations in polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Multicenter cohort association study of SLC2A1 single nucleotide polymorphisms and age-related macular degeneration.
Nucleotide excision repair gene ERCC1 polymorphisms contribute to cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
[Role of metformin in diabetes treatment--is metformin falling from grace?].
[Pressure ulcer prevention with pressure-reducing seat cushions].
A systematic review and meta-analysis of long-term development of early term infants.
Neurodevelopmental outcome of infants resuscitated with air or 100% oxygen: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Oral ibuprofen versus intravenous ibuprofen or intravenous indomethacin for the treatment of patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surfactant lavage therapy for meconium aspiration syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between Human Oxoguanine Glycosylase 1 (hOGG1) S326C polymorphism and the risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of des-γ-carboxy prothrombin (DCP) for hepatocellular carcinoma: a bivariate meta-analysis.
Relationship between body mass index and mortality in hemodialysis patients: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of anaemia with erythropoiesis-stimulating agents in patients with chronic kidney disease does not lower mortality and may increase cardiovascular risk: a meta-analysis.
Omega-3 fatty acids ameliorate proteinuria but not renal function in IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of early versus late initiation of dialysis with mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Albuminuria is not associated with bacteriuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Association and heterogeneity at the GAPDH locus in Alzheimer's disease.
Natural history of postoperative nonfunctioning pituitary adenomas: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of apolipoprotein E4 genotype and homozygotes (APOE e4/4) among patients diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the effects of occupational therapy for persons with dementia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of functional task training with mental practice in stroke: a meta analysis.
Neuropsychological rehabilitation and quality of life in patients with cognitive  impairments: a meta-analysis study in Spanish-speaking populations.
The P300 event-related brain potential as a neurobiological endophenotype for substance use disorders: a meta-analytic investigation.
Brain regions with mirror properties: a meta-analysis of 125 human fMRI studies.
Region and state specific glutamate downregulation in major depressive disorder:  a meta-analysis of (1)H-MRS findings.
Selenium and colorectal adenomas risk: a meta-analysis.
Green tea and incidence of colorectal cancer: evidence from prospective cohort studies.
Efficacy and safety of metformin for treatment of overweight and obesity in adolescents: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
An integrated analysis of liver safety data from orlistat clinical trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of aerobic vs. resistance exercise training on visceral fat.
ST analysis of the fetal electrocardiogram in intrapartum fetal monitoring: a meta-analysis.
Urodynamic outcomes after hysterectomy for benign conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and network meta-analysis of overall survival comparing 3 mg/kg ipilimumab with alternative therapies in the management of pretreated patients with unresectable stage III or IV melanoma.
Body mass index and risk of primary liver cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective  studies.
Cancer risk associated with use of metformin and sulfonylurea in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The risk for anemia with targeted therapies for solid tumors.
Racial disparities in the association between variants on 8q24 and prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A critical evaluation of the preventive effect of antiviral therapy on the development of hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with chronic hepatitis C or B: a novel approach by using meta-regression.
The MDM2 309 T/G polymorphism is associated with head and neck cancer risk especially in nasopharyngeal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Breast-conserving therapy for early-stage breast cancer in Chinese women: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
A detailed meta-analysis shows no association between TNF-α -308G/A polymorphism  and different forms of glaucoma.
Association of the receptor for advanced glycation end products gene polymorphisms with diabetic retinopathy in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of clinical outcomes between 'on-flap' and 'off-flap' epi-LASIK for myopia: a meta-analysis.
Myopia progression rates in urban children wearing single-vision spectacles.
The diagnostic performance of MRI in osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Quantitative ultrasound of the heel and fracture risk assessment: an updated meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of brief high-impact exercises for enhancing bone health in premenopausal women.
Meta-analysis of gene-based genome-wide association studies of bone mineral density in Chinese and European subjects.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor treatment and risk of fractures: a meta-analysis of cohort and case-control studies.
The effect of exercise on pQCT parameters of bone structure and strength in postmenopausal women--a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risedronate in adults with osteogenesis imperfecta type I: increased bone mineral density and decreased bone turnover, but high fracture rate persists.
Calcitonin for treating acute and chronic pain of recent and remote osteoporotic  vertebral compression fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alendronate and atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Neonates with tongue-based airway obstruction: a systematic review.
Prediction of childhood obesity by infancy weight gain: an individual-level meta-analysis.
Rehabilitation, exercise therapy and music in patients with Parkinson's disease:  a meta-analysis of the effects of music-based movement therapy on walking ability, balance and quality of life.
Parental smoking cessation to protect young children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Botulinum toxin for vaginismus treatment.
A meta-analysis of human acellular dermis and submuscular tissue expander breast  reconstruction.
Clinical efficacy and safety of intracoronary vs. intravenous abciximab administration in STEMI patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Network-assisted investigation of combined causal signals from genome-wide association studies in schizophrenia.
Genome-wide joint meta-analysis of SNP and SNP-by-smoking interaction identifies  novel loci for pulmonary function.
Identification of novel type 2 diabetes candidate genes involved in the crosstalk between the mitochondrial and the insulin signaling systems.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis of circulating sex hormone-binding globulin reveals multiple Loci implicated in sex steroid hormone regulation.
Geographic differences in genetic susceptibility to IgA nephropathy: GWAS replication study and geospatial risk analysis.
Genetic variants on chromosome 1q41 influence ocular axial length and high myopia.
Genome-wide association of pericardial fat identifies a unique locus for ectopic  fat.
Genome-wide association for abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adipose reveals a novel locus for visceral fat in women.
Common genetic determinants of intraocular pressure and primary open-angle glaucoma.
Common variants at 9p21 and 8q22 are associated with increased susceptibility to  optic nerve degeneration in glaucoma.
Novel loci for adiponectin levels and their influence on type 2 diabetes and metabolic traits: a multi-ethnic meta-analysis of 45,891 individuals.
Intracranial aneurysm risk locus 5q23.2 is associated with elevated systolic blood pressure.
Comprehensive research synopsis and systematic meta-analyses in Parkinson's disease genetics: The PDGene database.
A meta-analysis and genome-wide association study of platelet count and mean platelet volume in african americans.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci associated with circulating phospho- and sphingolipid concentrations.
Effect of flexible sigmoidoscopy-based screening on incidence and mortality of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Uptake of home-based voluntary HIV testing in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The long-term health consequences of child physical abuse, emotional abuse, and neglect: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic predictors of response to serotonergic and noradrenergic antidepressants  in major depressive disorder: a genome-wide analysis of individual-level data and a meta-analysis.
Effect of statins on venous thromboembolic events: a meta-analysis of published and unpublished evidence from randomised controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of utility-based quality of life in chronic kidney disease treatments.
Multidrug resistant pulmonary tuberculosis treatment regimens and patient outcomes: an individual patient data meta-analysis of 9,153 patients.
Effects of intensive blood pressure lowering on cardiovascular and renal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neonatal mortality risk associated with preterm birth in East Africa, adjusted by weight for gestational age: individual participant level meta-analysis.
Risk of venous thromboembolism in patients with cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ovarian cancer and body size: individual participant meta-analysis including 25,157 women with ovarian cancer from 47 epidemiological studies.
Reappraisal of metformin efficacy in the treatment of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Effect of sanitation on soil-transmitted helminth infection: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical manifestations of human brucellosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Toxocariasis and epilepsy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The diagnostic accuracy of serologic and molecular methods for detecting visceral leishmaniasis in HIV infected patients: meta-analysis.
Soil-transmitted helminth reinfection after drug treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative study of rK39 Leishmania antigen for serodiagnosis of visceral leishmaniasis: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of molecular amplification tests for human African trypanosomiasis--systematic review.
The Pro12Ala polymorphism in the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma-2 gene (PPARγ2) is associated with increased risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Insulin resistance and risk of incident cardiovascular events in adults without diabetes: meta-analysis.
Potential diagnostic value of serum p53 antibody for detecting esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Clinical significance and role of lymphatic vessel invasion as a major prognostic implication in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Causative species and serotypes of shigellosis in mainland China: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) polymorphisms and susceptibility for  cervical lesions: a meta-analysis.
Dietary glycemic index, glycemic load, and risk of coronary heart disease, stroke, and stroke mortality: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of telaprevir for chronic hepatitis virus C genotype 1  infection: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and tolerability of 'polypills': meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of core stability exercise versus general exercise for chronic low back pain.
Lower versus higher oxygen concentration for delivery room stabilisation of preterm neonates: systematic review.
Trends in overweight and obesity among children and adolescents in China from 1981 to 2010: a meta-analysis.
Insulin glargine and cancer risk in patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on the association between outpatient statins use and infectious disease-related mortality.
Organic solvents as risk factor for autoimmune diseases: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of tumor-associated macrophages in solid tumor: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Physical activity and asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Attack rates assessment of the 2009 pandemic H1N1 influenza A in children and their contacts: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A common polymorphism near the ESR1 gene is associated with risk of breast cancer: evidence from a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Lack of an association between two BER gene polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between FGFR3 and TP53 mutations in bladder cancer.
Meta-analysis of 125 rheumatoid arthritis-related single nucleotide polymorphisms studied in the past two decades.
Meta-analysis of gene expression signatures defining the epithelial to mesenchymal transition during cancer progression.
Combination of taxanes, cisplatin and fluorouracil as induction chemotherapy for  locally advanced head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of body mass index on breast cancer during premenopausal and postmenopausal periods: a meta-analysis.
Hsa-miR-499 rs3746444 polymorphism contributes to cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 12 studies.
Association between proton pump inhibitor therapy and clostridium difficile infection: a contemporary systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of RAGE gene polymorphism and coronary heart disease risk.
Gene-centric meta-analysis of lipid traits in African, East Asian and Hispanic populations.
Meta-analyses of KIF6 Trp719Arg in coronary heart disease and statin therapeutic  effect.
Analysis of copy number variation in Alzheimer's disease in a cohort of clinically characterized and neuropathologically verified individuals.
Workers' compensation status: does it affect orthopaedic surgery outcomes? A meta-analysis.
Comprehensive review of genetic association studies and meta-analyses on miRNA polymorphisms and cancer risk.
No survival benefit from adding cetuximab or panitumumab to oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy in the first-line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer in KRAS  wild type patients: a meta-analysis.
TERT-CLPTM1L polymorphism rs401681 contributes to cancers risk: evidence from a meta-analysis based on 29 publications.
Association between MLH1 -93G>a polymorphism and risk of colorectal cancer.
Association between the melatonin receptor 1B gene polymorphism on the risk of type 2 diabetes, impaired glucose regulation: a meta-analysis.
Placebo cohorts in phase-3 MS treatment trials - predictors for on-trial disease  activity 1990-2010 based on a meta-analysis and individual case data.
Vitamin D receptor gene and aggrecan gene polymorphisms and the risk of intervertebral disc degeneration - a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of cognitive behavioral therapy for depression in patients receiving disability benefits: a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis.
HIV and sexually transmissible infections among money boys in China: a data synthesis and meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms of GSTM1, GSTT1, and GSTP1 with prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 57 studies.
Association between extremely low-frequency electromagnetic fields occupations and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Association between circulating levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Return to work coordination programmes for work disability: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Genetic polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase genes GSTM1, GSTT1 and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Hematopoietically-expressed homeobox gene three widely-evaluated polymorphisms and risk for diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The association between four genetic variants in microRNAs (rs11614913, rs2910164, rs3746444, rs2292832) and cancer risk: evidence from published studies.
Cancer risk of anti-TNF-α at recommended doses in adult rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis with intention to treat and per protocol analyses.
Complement receptor 1 variants confer protection from severe malaria in Odisha, India.
The effects of probiotic supplementation on experimental acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The scale of faith based organization participation in health service delivery in developing countries: systematic [corrected] review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of cytochrome P-450 2C9 polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase level and risk of hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of gadoxetic acid disodium (Gd-EOB-DTPA)-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging for the detection of liver metastases.
Indocyanine green-assisted internal limiting membrane peeling in macular hole surgery: a meta-analysis.
Association of GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism and risk of head and neck cancers: a  meta-analysis of 28 case-control studies.
Residential dampness and molds and the risk of developing asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of RAS association domain family Protein1A (RASSF1A) methylation  states and bladder cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between KCNQ1 gene polymorphism and type 2 diabetes risk: a meta-analysis.
Effects and safety of calcimimetics in end stage renal disease patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism: a meta-analysis.
Safety of cell therapy with mesenchymal stromal cells (SafeCell): a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Trends in prevalence of hypertension in Brazil: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Corticosteroids in the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between NADPH quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) gene C609T polymorphism and lung cancer: a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Periodontal disease and risk of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Outcome following nerve repair of high isolated clean sharp injuries of the ulnar nerve.
Active smoking and risk of metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Effect of clazosentan in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Birth weight and long-term overweight risk: systematic review and a meta-analysis including 643,902 persons from 66 studies and 26 countries globally.
Pharmacogenetic study of drug-metabolising enzyme polymorphisms on the risk of anti-tuberculosis drug-induced liver injury: a meta-analysis.
Association between GSTM1 and GSTT1 allelic variants and head and neck squamous cell cancinoma.
Impact of including Korean randomized controlled trials in Cochrane reviews of acupuncture.
RANTES gene G-403A polymorphism and coronary artery disease: a meta analysis of observational studies.
The role of Decision Support System (DSS) in prevention of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of GSTM1 null allele with prostate cancer risk: evidence from 36 case-control studies.
Age differences in intra-individual variability in simple and choice reaction time: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Microarray meta-analysis identifies acute lung injury biomarkers in donor lungs that predict development of primary graft failure in recipients.
The prognostic value of BRAF mutation in colorectal cancer and melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adverse events of pirfenidone for the treatment of pulmonary fibrosis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
ABCB1 C3435T polymorphism and response to clopidogrel treatment in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients: a meta-analysis.
Timing matters in hip fracture surgery: patients operated within 48 hours have better outcomes. A meta-analysis and meta-regression of over 190,000 patients.
Association between bacterial vaginosis and cervical intraepithelial neoplasia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the maternal MTHFR C677T polymorphism with susceptibility to neural tube defects in offsprings: evidence from 25 case-control studies.
IL1 receptor antagonist gene IL1-RN variable number of tandem repeats polymorphism and cancer risk: a literature review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of apolipoprotein E gene ε2/ε3/ε4 polymorphism for gallbladder stone disease.
Association between common polymorphism near the MC4R gene and obesity risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
P53 status as a predictive biomarker for patients receiving neoadjuvant radiation-based treatment: a meta-analysis in rectal cancer.
Association between CD14 gene C-260T polymorphism and inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Performance of transient elastography for the staging of liver fibrosis in patients with chronic hepatitis B: a meta-analysis.
Benchmark for time in therapeutic range in venous thromboembolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin use and risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism contributes to ischemic stroke risk: a meta-analysis of 50 case-control studies.
Myocilin polymorphisms and primary open-angle glaucoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and susceptibility to cervical cancer and cervical intraepithelial neoplasia: a meta-analysis.
Association between chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and lung cancer: a case-control study in Southern Chinese and a meta-analysis.
Effect of fish oil supplementation on fasting vascular endothelial function in humans: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between common type 2 diabetes risk gene variants with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of artemisinin based therapies for the treatment and prevention of schistosomiasis.
p53 codon 72 polymorphism and hematological cancer risk: an update meta-analysis.
Test of IL28B polymorphisms in chronic hepatitis C patients treated with PegIFN and ribavirin depends on HCV genotypes: results from a meta-analysis.
Associations between interleukin-1 gene polymorphisms and coronary heart disease  risk: a meta-analysis.
Radiofrequency ablation versus resection for colorectal cancer liver metastases:  a meta-analysis.
Replication study in Chinese population and meta-analysis supports association of the 11q23 locus with colorectal cancer.
Innate immunity and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) related genes in a nested case-control study for gastric cancer risk.
Prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in mainland China: a meta-analysis.
Use of fibrates and cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 17 long-term randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Peer support and exclusive breastfeeding duration in low and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intraocular pressure-lowering effects of commonly used fixed-combination drugs with timolol: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cyclooxygenase-2 expression in bladder cancer and patient prognosis: results from a large clinical cohort and meta-analysis.
Clinicopathological and prognostic significance of survivin over-expression in patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Excess body mass index and risk of liver cancer: a nonlinear dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The effect of XPD/ERCC2 polymorphisms on gastric cancer risk among different ethnicities: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between multiple sclerosis and migraine.
Marine N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are inversely associated with risk of type 2 diabetes in Asians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 (XRCC1) genetic polymorphisms and cervical cancer risk: a huge systematic review and meta-analysis.
The forgotten role of alcohol: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the clinical efficacy and perceived role of chlorhexidine in skin antisepsis.
IVTA as adjunctive treatment to PRP and MPC for PDR and macular edema: a meta-analysis.
Association of microRNA-499 rs3746444 polymorphism with cancer risk: evidence from 7188 cases and 8548 controls.
Erectile dysfunction and cardiovascular events in diabetic men: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Seroprevalence of chronic hepatitis B virus infection and prior immunity in immigrants and refugees: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immunosuppressive treatment for nephrotic idiopathic membranous nephropathy: a meta-analysis based on Chinese adults.
Meta-analysis derived (MAD) transcriptome of psoriasis defines the "core" pathogenesis of disease.
The VNTR polymorphism of the DC-SIGNR gene and susceptibility to HIV-1 infection: a meta-analysis.
Influence of CYP2C9 and VKORC1 on patient response to warfarin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mortality after fluid bolus in children with shock due to sepsis or severe infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hemoglobin targets for chronic kidney disease patients with anemia: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
CYP1A1 Ile462Val polymorphism contributes to lung cancer susceptibility among lung squamous carcinoma and smokers: a meta-analysis.
Does pet ownership in infancy lead to asthma or allergy at school age? Pooled analysis of individual participant data from 11 European birth cohorts.
Dietary factors associated with dental erosion: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of risk factors for sexual transmission of  HIV in India.
Body mass index and mortality in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the relationship between EPHX1 polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk.
αA crystallin may protect against geographic atrophy-meta-analysis of cataract vs. cataract surgery for geographic atrophy and experimental studies.
Grey matter alterations co-localize with functional abnormalities in developmental dyslexia: an ALE meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of telavancin in clinical trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Combined EGFR and VEGFR versus single EGFR signaling pathways inhibition therapy  for NSCLC: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anterior cervical discectomy with arthroplasty versus arthrodesis for single-level cervical spondylosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
C-reactive protein, interleukin 6 and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Time trends in blood pressure, body mass index and smoking in the Vietnamese population: a meta-analysis from multiple cross-sectional surveys.
Glycosylated hemoglobin in relationship to cardiovascular outcomes and death in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between CD209 -336A/G and -871A/G polymorphisms and susceptibility of tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the Val158Met COMT polymorphism and violent behavior in schizophrenia.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of detecting galactomannan in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid for diagnosing invasive aspergillosis.
Association between TGFBR1 polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 35 case-control studies.
N-acetyltransferase polymorphism and risk of colorectal adenoma and cancer: a pooled analysis of variations from 59 studies.
Association between variant Y402H in age-related macular degeneration (AMD) susceptibility gene CFH and treatment response of AMD: a meta-analysis.
Is there an increased risk of post-operative surgical site infection after orthopaedic surgery in HIV patients? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bradykinin β2 receptor -58T/C gene polymorphism and essential hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 gene polymorphism and laryngeal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of OPA1 polymorphisms with NTG and HTG: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of antidepressants in primary care: a multiple treatment comparison meta-analysis and cost-effectiveness model.
Therapeutic intervention for chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome (CP/CPPS): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Remote ischemic conditioning to protect against ischemia-reperfusion injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of interleukin-10 -592 promoter polymorphism associated with gastric cancer risk.
The -2518A/G polymorphism in the MCP-1 gene and tuberculosis risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of adenovirus 36 infection with obesity and metabolic markers in humans: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Body iron stores and heme-iron intake in relation to risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relative accuracy of cervical and anal cytology for detection of high grade lesions by colposcope guided biopsy: a cut-point meta-analytic comparison.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte associated antigen 4 polymorphisms and asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Identifying regional variation in the prevalence of postpartum haemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Zoledronic acid as an adjuvant therapy in patients with breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of intravitreal anti-vascular endothelial growth factor therapy on the risk of arterial thromboembolic events: a meta-analysis.
Regional intra-arterial vs. systemic chemotherapy for advanced pancreatic cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Trait and state positive emotional experience in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
β1 adrenergic receptor polymorphisms and heart failure: a meta-analysis on susceptibility, response to β-blocker therapy and prognosis.
Association between the ERCC5 Asp1104His polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Contribution of the -160C/A polymorphism in the E-cadherin promoter to cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 47 case-control studies.
Job strain and alcohol intake: a collaborative meta-analysis of individual-participant data from 140,000 men and women.
Job strain and tobacco smoking: an individual-participant data meta-analysis of 166,130 adults in 15 European studies.
Association of high myopia with crystallin beta A4 (CRYBA4) gene polymorphisms in the linkage-identified MYP6 locus.
Association between XPF polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association of two common polymorphisms rs2910164 and rs11614913 with susceptibility to hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Value of TP53 status for predicting response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Performance of polymerase chain reaction techniques detecting perforin in the diagnosis of acute renal rejection: a meta-analysis.
Effects of interferon-alpha treatment on the incidence of hyperglycemia in chronic hepatitis C patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association of miR-146a rs2910164 polymorphism with gastrointestinal cancers: evidence from 10206 subjects.
Meta-analysis on pharmacogenetics of platinum-based chemotherapy in non small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients.
Effects of hyperuricemia on renal function of renal transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Effect of anti-obesity drug on cardiovascular risk factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Posttraumatic stress disorder prevalence and risk of recurrence in acute coronary syndrome patients: a meta-analytic review.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) gene insertion/deletion polymorphism and ACE  inhibitor-related cough: a meta-analysis.
The effects of dietary intervention on HIV dyslipidaemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Strong association between two polymorphisms on 15q25.1 and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
IL-6-174 G/C and -572 C/G polymorphisms and risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Updated systematic review and meta-analysis of the performance of risk prediction rules in children and young people with febrile neutropenia.
Seasonality of rotavirus in South Asia: a meta-analysis approach assessing associations with temperature, precipitation, and vegetation index.
TPH2 gene polymorphisms and major depression--a meta-analysis.
Precore mutation of hepatitis B virus may contribute to hepatocellular carcinoma  risk: evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
Transthoracic resection versus non-transthoracic resection for gastroesophageal junction cancer: a meta-analysis.
Therapeutic validity and effectiveness of preoperative exercise on functional recovery after joint replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the existing knowledge of immunoreactivity against hepatitis C virus (HCV).
ADH1C Ile350Val polymorphism and cancer risk: evidence from 35 case-control studies.
Meta-analysis of the association between transforming growth factor-beta polymorphisms and complications of coronary heart disease.
Minimally invasive surgical approaches and traditional total hip arthroplasty: a  meta-analysis of radiological and complications outcomes.
A replication study of GWAS-derived lipid genes in Asian Indians: the chromosomal region 11q23.3 harbors loci contributing to triglycerides.
A meta-analysis of caspase 9 polymorphisms in promoter and exon sequence on cancer susceptibility.
Pemetrexed plus platinum as the first-line treatment option for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The prognostic role of RASSF1A promoter methylation in breast cancer: a meta-analysis of published data.
Cyclin D1 G870A polymorphism contributes to colorectal cancer susceptibility: evidence from a systematic review of 22 case-control studies.
Meta-analysis on the effects of octreotide on tumor mass in acromegaly.
The relationship between oral squamous cell carcinoma and human papillomavirus: a meta-analysis of a Chinese population (1994-2011).
Genome-wide association study of multiple sclerosis confirms a novel locus at 5p13.1.
Clinical potential of DNA methylation in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
The incidence of adjacent segment degeneration after cervical disc arthroplasty (CDA): a meta analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The association between OGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and lung cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of 27 studies.
Effect of angiogenesis inhibitor bevacizumab on survival in patients with cancer: a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha g308α gene polymorphism and essential hypertension: a meta-analysis involving 2244 participants.
Associations between XPD Asp312Asn polymorphism and risk of head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis based on 7,122 subjects.
Unrequested findings on cardiac computed tomography: looking beyond the heart.
Expert opinion on laparoscopic surgery for colorectal cancer parallels evidence from a cumulative meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of probiotic efficacy for gastrointestinal diseases.
X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 (XRCC1) genetic polymorphisms and risk of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Association of sedentary behaviour with metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of short-term high-dose statin in preventing contrast-induced nephropathy: a meta-analysis of seven randomized controlled trials.
Polymorphisms of -174G>C and -572G>C in the interleukin 6 (IL-6) gene and coronary heart disease risk: a meta-analysis of 27 research studies.
The SNP rs961253 in 20p12.3 is associated with colorectal cancer risk: a case-control study and a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Global DNA hypomethylation in peripheral blood leukocytes as a biomarker for cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A genome-wide study replicates linkage of 3p22-24 to extreme longevity in humans  and identifies possible additional loci.
Effect of CCR5-Δ32 heterozygosity on HIV-1 susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 4G/5G gene polymorphism and coronary artery disease in the Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis.
Circadian gene variants and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes: a pilot study.
The -675 4G/5G polymorphism in plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 gene is associated with risk of asthma: a meta-analysis.
The naturally occurring YMDD mutation among patients chronically infected HBV and untreated with lamivudine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study to identify common variants associated with brachial circumference: a meta-analysis of 14 cohorts.
Prognostic value of survivin in patients with non-small cell lung carcinoma: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
A common SMAD7 variant is associated with risk of colorectal cancer: evidence from a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Percentage of patients with preventable adverse drug reactions and preventability of adverse drug reactions--a meta-analysis.
Performance of biomarkers FibroTest, ActiTest, SteatoTest, and NashTest in patients with severe obesity: meta analysis of individual patient data.
High-dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation as a first-line therapy for high-risk primary breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Menopausal status modifies breast cancer risk associated with the myeloperoxidase (MPO) G463A polymorphism in Caucasian women: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of blue light-filtering IOLs and UV light-filtering IOLs for cataract  surgery: a meta-analysis.
Strengths and weaknesses of immunotherapy for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials.
Interferon-γ release assays for the diagnosis of tuberculosis and tuberculosis infection in HIV-infected adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Absence of association between N-acetyltransferase 2 acetylator status and colorectal cancer susceptibility: based on evidence from 40 studies.
Epidermal growth factor gene polymorphism and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
First efficacy results of capecitabine with anthracycline- and taxane-based adjuvant therapy in high-risk early breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials in the treatment of human brucellosis.
A replication study of the association between rheumatoid arthritis and deletion  of the late cornified envelope genes LCE3B and LCE3C.
Long term sequelae from childhood pneumonia; systematic review and meta-analysis.
Children who acquire HIV infection perinatally are at higher risk of early death  than those acquiring infection through breastmilk: a meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption, genetic variants in alcohol deydrogenases, and risk of cardiovascular diseases: a prospective study and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of terbutaline pump for the prevention of preterm birth. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Epstein-Barr virus infection and sporadic breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Increased risk of breast cancer associated with CC genotype of Has-miR-146a Rs2910164 polymorphism in Europeans.
Variants in exon 11 of MEF2A gene and coronary artery disease: evidence from a case-control study, systematic review, and meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of QTc interval prolongation among cancer patients treated with vandetanib: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of combined aspirin and clopidogrel therapy on cardiovascular outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between polymorphisms in the promoter regions of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and risk of cancer metastasis: a meta-analysis.
Introspective minds: using ALE meta-analyses to study commonalities in the neural correlates of emotional processing, social & unconstrained cognition.
Routine antenatal anti-D prophylaxis in women who are Rh(D) negative: meta-analyses adjusted for differences in study design and quality.
The efficacy of exercise in reducing depressive symptoms among cancer survivors:  a meta-analysis.
Interventions to influence consulting and antibiotic use for acute respiratory tract infections in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic profiling using genome-wide significant coronary artery disease risk variants does not improve the prediction of subclinical atherosclerosis: the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study, the Bogalusa Heart Study and the Health 2000 Survey--a meta-analysis of three independent studies.
A genetic variant in miR-196a2 increased digestive system cancer risks: a meta-analysis of 15 case-control studies.
Intensive case finding and isoniazid preventative therapy in HIV infected individuals in Africa: economic model and value of information analysis.
Helicobacter pylori iceA, clinical outcomes, and correlation with cagA: a meta-analysis.
Contribution of HOGG1 Ser³²⁶Cys polymorphism to the development of prostate cancer in smokers: meta-analysis of 2779 cases and 3484 controls.
Trophic position and metabolic rate predict the long-term decay process of radioactive cesium in fish: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of interleukin-8 -251 promoter polymorphism associated with gastric cancer risk.
Association between the Pro12Ala polymorphism of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma 2 and inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Lack of effect of lowering LDL cholesterol on cancer: meta-analysis of individual data from 175,000 people in 27 randomised trials of statin therapy.
The association between ATM IVS 22-77 T>C and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A functional NQO1 609C>T polymorphism and risk of gastrointestinal cancers: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of existing TNF blocking agents in treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
α-Adducin Gly460Trp gene mutation and essential hypertension in a Chinese population: a meta-analysis including 10,960 subjects.
The characteristics of blood glucose and WBC counts in peripheral blood of cases  of hand foot and mouth disease in China: a systematic review.
[Assessment of the size of the placebo effect in treating asthma based on meta-analysis of efficacy trials of selected antiasthmatic drugs].
Leflunomide in monotherapy of rheumatoid arthritis: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of antipyretic medications on  mortality in Streptococcus pneumoniae infections.
A systematic review-meta-analysis of chilling interventions and a meta-regression of various processing interventions for Salmonella contamination of chicken.
Prostate cancer with variants in CYP17 and UGT2B17 genes: a meta-analysis.
[Rotaviruses as a cause of nosocomial infections in Poland--systematic review with metaanalysis of 11 studies].
Dyadic interracial interactions: a meta-analysis.
Guideline concordant monitoring of metabolic risk in people treated with antipsychotic medication: systematic review and meta-analysis of screening practices.
Computerised cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Efficacy of Yun Zhi (Coriolus versicolor) on survival in cancer patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between GSTM1/GSTT1 null genotypes and renal cell carcinoma risk: a  meta-analysis.
Timing of initiation of renal replacement therapy in acute kidney injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of GnRH antagonist protocols: do they reduce the risk of OHSS in PCOS?
The prevalence and diagnostic significance of eosinophilic pleural effusions: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Vasopressin for cardiac arrest: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation after thoracic surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized trials.
Contribution of right ventricular dysfunction to heart failure mortality: a meta-analysis.
[Levosimendan reduces mortality in cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Analysis of Class II human leucocyte antigens in Italian and Spanish systemic sclerosis.
Value of ANCA measurements during remission to predict a relapse of ANCA-associated vasculitis--a meta-analysis.
Effect of biotherapies on fatigue in rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Risk of persistent high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion after electrosurgical excisional treatment with positive margins: a meta-analysis.
Second-generation antipsychotic drugs and extrapyramidal side effects: a systematic review and meta-analysis of head-to-head comparisons.
The hOGG1Ser326Cys polymorphism and increased lung cancer susceptibility in Caucasians: an updated meta-analysis.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in tinnitus patients: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Alzheimer's disease and risk of hip fracture: a meta-analysis study.
A meta-analysis of tea drinking and risk of Parkinson's disease.
Efficacy of nonsurgical interventions for anterior knee pain: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Depression and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Self-expanding metallic stent as a bridge to surgery versus emergency surgery for obstructive colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Venous thromboembolism after laparoscopic bariatric surgery for morbid obesity: clinical burden and prevention.
Bilateral superficial cervical plexus block in combination with general anesthesia has a low efficacy in thyroid surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Neuro-endocrine correlates of burnout].
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing tacrolimus with intravenous cyclophosphamide in the induction treatment for lupus nephritis.
The H63D mutation of the hemochromatosis gene is associated with sustained virological response in chronic hepatitis C patients treated with interferon-based therapy: a meta-analysis.
Association between IL-6 -174G/C polymorphism and acute rejection of renal allograft: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Morbidity of selective lymph node biopsy for melanoma: meta-analysis of complications.
Risk of bleeding complications after preoperative antiplatelet withdrawal versus  continuing antiplatelet drugs during transurethral resection of the prostate and  prostate puncture biopsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis shows strong positive association of the TNF-α gene with tumor stage in bladder cancer.
Polymorphisms in XPD and hOGG1 and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Urethral reconstruction using buccal mucosa or penile skin grafts: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tamsulosin for ureteral stones: a systematic review and meta-analysis of a randomized controlled trial.
The interleukin-6 -174G/C polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nephrostomy tube-free versus nephrostomy tube for renal drainage after percutaneous nephrolithotomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and the risk of bladder  cancer: a meta-analysis.
[The recent news in endoscopic surgery: a review of the literature and meta-analysis].
[Effects of organic selenium supplement on glutathione peroxidase activities: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
Dexamethasone for prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting in patients undergoing thyroidectomy: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing Chinese patent medicines Compound Danshen Dripping Pills and Di'ao Xinxuekang in  treating angina pectoris].
[Systematic review of clinical randomized controlled trials on manipulation treatment for vertebral artery type of cervical spondylosis].
[Influence of albumin as a resuscitation fluid on the prognosis of patients with  sepsis: a Meta-analysis].
[The effect of an optimized resuscitation strategy on prognosis of patients with  septic shock: a systematic review].
[Meta-analysis on the effects of health education towards HIV/AIDS high-risk behavior, knowledge, and related attitude among floating population in China].
[Efficacy of rate and rhythm control strategy in patients with atrial fibrillation: meta-analysis].
[Diagnosis of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia by visual inspection with acetic acid among Chinese women: a meta-analysis].
CYP2C19 genotype, clopidogrel metabolism, platelet function, and cardiovascular events: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies three new risk loci for atopic dermatitis.
A chemokine gene expression signature derived from meta-analysis predicts the pathogenicity of viral respiratory infections.
Meta-analysis of robotic and laparoscopic surgery for treatment of rectal cancer.
Vitamin D with or without calcium supplementation for prevention of cancer and fractures: an updated meta-analysis for the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.
Efficacy of exposure versus cognitive therapy in anxiety disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study for coronary artery calcification with follow-up in myocardial infarction.
The association of APE1 -656T > G and 1349 T > G polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 37 case-control studies.
[Effectiveness of prostanoids in patients with critical leg ischemia].
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptor variants associated with susceptibility to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Association between HLA-Cw*0602 polymorphism and psoriasis risk: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials for effects of periprocedural atorvastatin on contrast-induced nephropathy.
Effectiveness and safety of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in patients with myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Efficacy of behavioral interventions to increase condom use and reduce sexually transmitted infections: a meta-analysis, 1991 to 2010.
Why does the north-south gradient of incidence of multiple sclerosis seem to have disappeared on the northern hemisphere?
Exposure to general anesthesia and risk of Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Key pathways involved in prostate cancer based on gene set enrichment analysis and meta analysis.
Percutaneous coronary intervention at centers with and without on-site surgery: a meta-analysis.
Hybrid open endovascular technique for aortic thoracoabdominal pathologies.
The insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism in the Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies eight new loci for type 2 diabetes in east Asians.
Bisphosphonates for osteoporosis in primary biliary cirrhosis.
Methods to decrease blood loss and transfusion requirements for liver transplantation.
Interventions for the management of dry mouth: topical therapies.
Flossing for the management of periodontal diseases and dental caries in adults.
Sclerotherapy for lower limb telangiectasias.
Use of electronic health records to support smoking cessation.
Cardiac testing for coronary artery disease in potential kidney transplant recipients.
Second-generation antidepressants for seasonal affective disorder.
Social skills training for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in children aged 5 to 18 years.
Home-based child development interventions for preschool children from socially disadvantaged families.
Pharmacologic interventions for treating phantom limb pain.
Physical therapy for Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis).
Interventions for reducing anxiety in women undergoing colposcopy.
Interferon alpha for chronic hepatitis D.
Progestogen for treating threatened miscarriage.
Interventions to slow progression of myopia in children.
Antiplatelet agents and anticoagulants for hypertension.
Parent training interventions for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in children aged 5 to 18 years.
Behavioural and cognitive interventions with or without other treatments for the  management of faecal incontinence in children.
Interventions for preventing obesity in children.
Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in infants born at term.
Rituximab maintenance for the treatment of patients with follicular lymphoma: an  updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Association of androgen deprivation therapy with cardiovascular death in patients with prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Comparative benefits and harms of second-generation antidepressants for treating  major depressive disorder: an updated meta-analysis.
Immunogenicity of pneumococcal conjugate vaccines in infants after two or three primary vaccinations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing pneumococcal conjugate vaccine schedules based on 3 and 2 primary doses: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of 8q24 for seven cancers reveals a locus between NOV and ENPP2 associated with cancer development.
Global burden of respiratory infections due to seasonal influenza in young children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of 64-section coronary CT angiography findings for predicting 30-day major adverse cardiac events in patients presenting with symptoms suggestive of acute coronary syndrome.
Pre-stroke use of statins on stroke outcome: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Scar management practice and science: a comprehensive approach to controlling scar tissue and avoiding hypertrophic scarring.
Pituicytoma, spindle cell oncocytoma, and granular cell tumor: clarification and  meta-analysis of the world literature since 1893.
Review article: the effectiveness of standard triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori has not changed over the last decade, but it is not good enough.
The effectiveness of levocetirizine in comparison with loratadine in treatment of allergic rhinitis--a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of mould and dampness exposure on asthma and allergy in eight European birth cohorts: an ENRIECO initiative.
Effect of oral L-arginine supplementation on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials.
Association study of clusterin polymorphism rs11136000 with late onset Alzheimer's disease in Chinese Han population.
Dronedarone and the incidence of stroke in patients with paroxysmal or persistent atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Soy intake is associated with lower lung cancer risk: results from a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
The role of meta-analysis in the evaluation of the effects of early nutrition on  mental and motor development in children.
Once-daily dosing vs. conventional dosing schedule of mesalamine and relapse of quiescent ulcerative colitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Coiled versus straight peritoneal dialysis catheters: a randomized controlled trial and meta-analysis.
Airtraq laryngoscope versus conventional Macintosh laryngoscope: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: natural history of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and diagnostic accuracy of non-invasive tests for liver disease severity.
Alcohol consumption and lung cancer risk in never smokers: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of capecitabine versus 5-fluorouracil in colorectal and gastric cancers: a meta-analysis of individual data from 6171 patients.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy, safety, and tolerability data from randomized controlled trials of drugs used to treat postherpetic neuralgia.
Arterial resection during pancreatectomy for pancreatic cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transthoracic versus transhiatal esophagectomy for the treatment of esophagogastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of procalcitonin-guided therapy in respiratory tract infections.
Exercise is an effective treatment modality for reducing cancer-related fatigue and improving physical capacity in cancer patients and survivors: a meta-analysis.
Detection of inadequate effort on neuropsychological testing: a meta-analytic update and extension.
Above- or below-elbow casts for distal third forearm fractures in children? A meta-analysis of the literature.
Computed tomography for detecting coronary artery plaques: a meta-analysis.
The validity and utility of risk assessment for inpatient suicide.
Meta-analysis of cytochrome P4501A1 MspI gene polymorphism and childhood acute leukemia.
The sensitivity of fluorescent-light cystoscopy for the detection of carcinoma in situ (CIS) of the bladder: a meta-analysis with comments on gold standard.
Meta-analysis showing the beneficial effect of α-blockers on ureteric stent discomfort.
Effectiveness of strategies incorporating training and support of traditional birth attendants on perinatal and maternal mortality: meta-analysis.
Pedagogical strategies for teaching literacy to ESL immigrant students: a meta-analysis.
Case identification of depression in patients with chronic physical health problems: a diagnostic accuracy meta-analysis of 113 studies.
Dietary glycaemic index and glycaemic load in relation to the risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Effect of vitamins C and E supplementation on Helicobacter pylori eradication: a  meta-analysis.
Trastuzumab combined to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with HER2-positive breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic role of circulating tumor cells (CTCs) detected by RT-PCR in breast cancer: a meta-analysis of published literature.
[Severe mental illness in mothers and congenital malformations in newborns: a meta-analysis].
No evidence for superiority of air or oxygen for neonatal resuscitation: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of primary dacryocystorhinostomy with and without silicone intubation.
Risk factors for radiation-induced hypothyroidism: a literature-based meta-analysis.
Aspirin and NSAID use and lung cancer risk: a pooled analysis in the International Lung Cancer Consortium (ILCCO).
Pulmonary toxicity among cancer patients treated with a combination of docetaxel  and gemcitabine: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Lack of replication for the association between HER2 I655V polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms of UGT1A7 and cancer risk: evidence from 21 case-control studies.
The timing of tracheotomy in critically ill patients undergoing mechanical ventilation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Red ginseng for type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Comparison of minimally invasive surgery and mini-incision technique for total hip arthroplasty: a sub-group meta-analysis.
Long-term non-invasive positive pressure ventilation in severe stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Knee function after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with patellar or hamstring tendon: a meta-analysis.
Outcomes and complications of operative versus non-operative treatment of acute Achilles tendon rupture: a meta-analysis.
Association of variation at the ABO locus with circulating levels of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1, soluble P-selectin, and soluble E-selectin: a  meta-analysis.
Post-genomic update on a classical candidate gene for coronary artery disease: ESR1.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and congenital heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: islet autotransplantation after pancreatectomy for minimizing diabetes.
The major risk alleles of age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in CFH do not play a major role in rheumatoid arthritis (RA).
Ten years of docetaxel-based therapies in prostate adenocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 2244 patients in 12 randomized clinical trials.
Short-term, high-dose statins in the prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of iodine-123-metaiodobenzylguanidine scintigraphy in differential diagnosis between Parkinson's disease and multiple-system atrophy: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid and insulin sensitivity: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of hypocaloric parenteral nutrition for surgical patients: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Dexamethasone reduces pain, vomiting and overall complications following tonsillectomy in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Population pharmacokinetic meta-analysis of denosumab in healthy subjects and postmenopausal women with osteopenia or osteoporosis.
Therapeutic index of anticoagulants for prevention of venous thromboembolism following orthopedic surgery: a dose-response meta-analysis.
A dose-response meta-analysis for quantifying relative efficacy of biologics in rheumatoid arthritis.
Etiology of obsessions and compulsions: a meta-analysis and narrative review of twin studies.
Evidence-based treatments for depression and anxiety versus treatment-as-usual: a meta-analysis of direct comparisons.
Ziprasidone for psychotic disorders: a meta-analysis and systematic review of the relationship between pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and clinical profile.
The effectiveness of music listening in reducing depressive symptoms in adults: a systematic review.
Efficacy of Traditional Chinese Herbal Medicine in the management of female infertility: a systematic review.
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid versus docosahexaenoic acid on serum lipids: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6, and interleukin-10 in preeclampsia.
The association between common genetic variant of microRNA-146a and cancer susceptibility.
miR-196a2 C allele is a low-penetrant risk factor for cancer development.
Diabetes and risk of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The -2518A/G polymorphism in the monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) gene  and diabetes risk: a meta-analysis.
The long-term gastrointestinal functional outcomes following curative anterior resection in adults with rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of severe neutropenia in advanced cancer patients treated with cetuximab: a meta-analysis.
Association between the T869C polymorphism of transforming growth factor-beta 1 and diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Black carbon as an additional indicator of the adverse health effects of airborne particles compared with PM10 and PM2.5.
Side effects of phenobarbital in epilepsy: a systematic review.
Safety of clopidogrel being continued until the time of coronary artery bypass grafting in patients with acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis of 34 studies.
Prevention of diabetes and reduction in major cardiovascular events in studies of subjects with prediabetes: meta-analysis of randomised controlled clinical trials.
The accuracy of diagnostic tests for GH deficiency in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of physician reminders in faecal occult blood testing for colorectal cancer screening.
Association of glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 null polymorphisms with the development of cervical lesions: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between oocyte abnormal morphology and intracytoplasmic sperm injection outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Health and income: a meta-analysis to explore cross-country, gender and age differences.
A meta-analysis of the value of fluorodeoxyglucose-PET/PET-CT in the evaluation of fever of unknown origin.
A meta-analysis and metaregression analysis of factors influencing mortality after endovascular repair of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Eversion versus conventional carotid endarterectomy: a meta-analysis of randomised and non-randomised studies.
Diagnosis of bone metastases: a meta-analysis comparing ¹⁸FDG PET, CT, MRI and bone scintigraphy.
Diagnosing tuberculosis with urine lipoarabinomannan: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of biodegradable vs. durable polymer drug-eluting stents: evidence from a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Additive value of adult bone-marrow-derived cell transplantation to conventional  revascularization in chronic ischemic heart disease: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Autologous bone marrow cell therapy for patients with peripheral arterial disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of sex hormone receptor gene polymorphisms with recurrent pregnancy loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions for treating proximal fifth metatarsal fractures in adults: a meta-analysis of the current evidence-base.
A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials comparing conventional to minimally invasive approaches for repair of an Achilles tendon rupture.
Transethnic meta-analysis of genomewide association studies.
Sentinel lymph node biopsy in endometrial cancer: meta-analysis of 26 studies.
Heart valve prosthesis selection in patients with end-stage renal disease requiring dialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between pancreaticobiliary maljunction and gallbladder carcinoma: meta-analysis.
Differential expression of neural markers in KIT and PDGFRA wild-type gastrointestinal stromal tumours.
Evolution of human tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of paleopathological evidence.
Natural history of pancreatitis-induced splenic vein thrombosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of its incidence and rate of gastrointestinal bleeding.
The epithelial sodium channel γ-subunit gene and blood pressure: family based association, renal gene expression, and physiological analyses.
Meta-analysis of published studies identified eight additional common susceptibility loci for Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis.
Outcomes in lower limb amputation following trauma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and testosterone: a meta-analysis study.
A meta-analysis to compare speech recognition in noise with bilateral cochlear implants and bimodal stimulation.
Maternal smoking during pregnancy and childhood lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
Less invasiveness may not always result in less mortality: a meta-analysis of transcatheter versus surgical aortic valve replacement for aortic stenosis.
Aberrant methylation of genes in stool samples as diagnostic biomarkers for colorectal cancer or adenomas: a meta-analysis.
The association of antihypertensive medication use with risk of cognitive decline and dementia: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Association of OGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism with colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
New anti-epileptic drugs: overcoming the limits of randomised controlled trials.
Prevalence of obesity among migrant Asian Indians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comprehensive systematic review of visitation models in adult critical care units within the context of patient- and family-centred care.
The effectiveness of behavioural therapy for the treatment of depression in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Effect of obesity on survival of women with epithelial ovarian cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Low-frequency ultrasound (20-40 kHz) as an adjunctive therapy for chronic wound healing: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis of eight randomized controlled trials.
Moral development and recidivism: a meta-analysis.
Effects of orthognathic surgery on oropharyngeal airway: a meta-analysis.
Older age predicts decreased metastasis and prostate cancer-specific death for men treated with radiation therapy: meta-analysis of radiation therapy oncology group trials.
What is the probability of patients who are nonambulatory after stroke regaining  independent walking? A systematic review.
Insomnia as a predictor of depression: a meta-analytic evaluation of longitudinal epidemiological studies.
Can onset and recovery in depression be predicted by temperament? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is tongxinluo more effective than isosorbide dinitrate in treating angina pectoris? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Energy balance in patients with pressure ulcers: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on muscle strength, gait and balance in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of stroke volume variation in predicting fluid responsiveness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison between closed suction drainage and nondrainage in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of clinical outcomes comparing mobile bearing and fixed bearing total knee arthroplasty.
Tranexamic acid in total knee replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of vascular endothelial growth factor expression in gastric carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Docetaxel-based therapy with or without estramustine as first-line chemotherapy for castration-resistant prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of four randomized controlled trials.
Endovascular stenting or carotid endarterectomy for treatment of carotid stenosis: a meta-analysis.
Single-pill vs free-equivalent combination therapies for hypertension: a meta-analysis of health care costs and adherence.
PCR diagnosis of Pneumocystis pneumonia: a bivariate meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis showing that high signal intensity on T2-weighted MRI is associated with poor prognosis for patients with cervical spondylotic myelopathy.
Efficacy of antidepressants for late-life depression: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of placebo-controlled randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of the effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in clinical trials in depression.
A review and Bayesian meta-analysis of clinical efficacy and adverse effects of 4 atypical neuroleptic drugs compared with haloperidol and placebo.
Impact of pharmacological treatments on cognitive and behavioral outcome in the postacute stages of adult traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of dysphagia and aspiration pneumonia in frail elders.
Ustekinumab, a human interleukin-12/23 monoclonal antibody, in patients with psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 gene +49A/G polymorphism significantly associated with susceptibility to primary biliary cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Associations between the masticatory system and muscle activity of other body districts. A meta-analysis of surface electromyography studies.
The association between paternal sensitivity and infant-father attachment security: a meta-analysis of three decades of research.
The role of thiazolidinediones in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis - a systematic review and meta analysis.
Impact of insulin resistance on sustained response in HCV patients treated with pegylated interferon and ribavirin: a meta-analysis.
VEGF pathway-targeted therapy for advanced renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-based evidence for apolipoprotein E epsilon2/epsilon3/epsilon4 polymorphism  in association with hypertension among Chinese.
Meta-analysis of studies of a specific delivery mode for a modified-carbohydrate  diet.
Effects of foot reflexology on fatigue, sleep and pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Grey matter abnormality in autism spectrum disorder: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis study.
Vagus nerve stimulation for epilepsy: a meta-analysis of efficacy and predictors  of response.
Current comprehensive management of cranial base chordomas: 10-year meta-analysis of observational studies.
Antibiotic-impregnated shunt systems versus standard shunt systems: a meta- and cost-savings analysis.
High gestational weight gain and the risk of preterm birth and low birth weight:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surgical techniques and return to work following carpal tunnel release: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of pathological gaming prevalence and comorbidity with mental health, academic and social problems.
Meta-analysis of the association between secondhand smoke exposure and stroke.
Association of angiotensin converting enzyme insertion/deletion gene polymorphism with idiopathic nephrotic syndrome susceptibility in children: a meta-analysis.
The association between angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion gene variant and risk of focal segmental glomerulosclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of angiotensin I converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism with breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of angiotensin-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism with high-altitude pulmonary oedema: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of therapeutic exercise for painful shoulder conditions: a meta-analysis.
Interventions targeting substance abuse among women survivors of intimate partner abuse: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of iron supplementation for the elderly patients undergoing hip or knee surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Imageless navigation system does not improve component rotational alignment in total knee arthroplasty.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopy-assisted and open distal gastrectomy for gastric cancer.
Survival benefits from follow-up of patients with lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early glycoprotein IIb-IIIa inhibitors in primary angioplasty-abciximab long-term results (EGYPT-ALT) cooperation: individual patient's data meta-analysis.
Hepatitis C virus and the immunological response to hepatitis B virus vaccine in  dialysis patients: meta-analysis of clinical studies.
Opening- or closing-wedged high tibial osteotomy: a meta-analysis of clinical and radiological outcomes.
Meningiomas in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Psychological morbidity and quality of life of ethnic minority patients with cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of human leukocyte antigen genetic polymorphisms and susceptibility to chronic myelogenous leukemia in Chinese population.
The role of vandetanib in the second-line treatment for advanced non-small-cell-lung cancer: a meta-analysis of four randomized controlled trials.
Gefitinib vs. chemotherapy as first-line therapy in advanced non-small cell lung  cancer: meta-analysis of phase III trials.
Pain neurophysiology education for the management of individuals with chronic low back pain: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the reliability of objective structured clinical examination scores.
Clinical outcome of panitumumab for metastatic colorectal cancer with wild-type KRAS status: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Polymorphism of vascular endothelial growth factor -2578C/A with cancer risk: evidence from 11263 subjects.
TACE combined with PEI versus TACE alone in the treatment of HCC: a meta-analysis.
S-1-based therapy versus 5-FU-based therapy in advanced gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and endometrial cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between XRCC3 T241M polymorphism and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
MDM2 309 T/G polymorphism is associated with colorectal cancer risk especially in Asians: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of laparoscopy compared with open colorectal resection for colorectal cancer.
CCND1 G870A polymorphism and risk for head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Quercetin and endurance exercise capacity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Advancing paternal age and risk of autism: new evidence from a population-based study and a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Genetic variants of α-synuclein are not associated with essential tremor.
PPARγ2 P12A polymorphism and albuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
A meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Association of the CHRNA5-A3-B4 gene cluster with heaviness of smoking: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography versus scintigraphy in the evaluation of suspected osteomyelitis.
Linear stapler technique may be safer than circular in gastrojejunal anastomosis  for laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass: a meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Antenatal dietary interventions in obese pregnant women to restrict gestational weight gain to Institute of Medicine recommendations: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of wavefront-guided vs. wavefront-optimized LASIK for myopia.
Serum cartilage oligomeric matrix protein (sCOMP) is elevated in patients with knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pre-operative interventions (non-surgical and non-pharmacological) for patients with hip or knee osteoarthritis awaiting joint replacement surgery--a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the comparative efficacy of ablation for atrial fibrillation with and without ablation of the ganglionated plexi.
The influence of atrial and ventricular pacing on the incidence of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
The population prevalence of foot and ankle pain in middle and old age: a systematic review.
Association of HLA and post-schistosomal hepatic disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of orthostatic hypotension in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Self-management programs for chronic musculoskeletal pain conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of face-to-face communication of tailored health messages: implications for practice.
Efficacy of porcine versus bovine surfactants for preterm newborns with respiratory distress syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of prophylactic lamivudine use in preventing vertical transmission of hepatitis B virus infection.
Stroke risk and NSAIDs: a systematic review of observational studies.
An assessment of the individual and collective effects of variants on height using twins and a developmentally informative study design.
A comprehensive analysis of shared loci between systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and sixteen autoimmune diseases reveals limited genetic overlap.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of five Asian cohorts identifies PDGFRA as a susceptibility locus for corneal astigmatism.
A meta-analysis of whole-brain diffusion tensor imaging studies in bipolar disorder.
BRCA1 mutations do not increase prostate cancer risk: results from a meta-analysis including new data.
Copy number variations in affective disorders and meta-analysis.
Bupropion for adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Prevalence of psychiatric diagnoses in preterm and full-term children, adolescents and young adults: a meta-analysis.
Factors affecting the extent of Monday blues: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Multi-Link Vision stent vs. first-generation drug-eluting stents: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of health state valuations for people with diabetes: explaining the variation across methods and implications for economic evaluation.
[Systematic review and meta-analysis of the predictive value of C-reactive protein in postoperative infections].
Impaired cognitive inhibition in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of the Stroop interference effect.
[Placebo responders in randomized controlled drug trials of fibromyalgia syndrome : Systematic review and meta-analysis].
The effect of TNF-alpha blocking therapy on lipid levels in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of bisexual behaviour among bridge population of men who have sex with men in China: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Fish consumption and the risk of stroke: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Accuracy of the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale as a screening tool in cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection for gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Combination of oral non-absorbable and intravenous antibiotics versus intravenous antibiotics alone in the prevention of surgical site infections after colorectal  surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of genetic variants in CYP2C19 and adverse clinical outcomes after treatment with clopidogrel: an updated meta-analysis.
Transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsies in patients taking aspirin for cardiovascular disease: A meta-analysis.
Preemptive versus prophylactic protocol to prevent cytomegalovirus infection after renal transplantation: a meta-analysis and systematic review of randomized  controlled trials.
Steroid sparing protocols following nonrenal transplants; the evidence is not there. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Right lobe living-donor liver transplantation with or without middle hepatic vein: a meta-analysis.
Is there a role for rifampicin, ofloxacin and minocycline (ROM) therapy in the treatment of leprosy? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in three obesity-related genes (LEP, LEPR, and PON1) and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Milk and dairy consumption and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Placement of ureteral stent after uncomplicated ureteroscopy: do we really need it?
Response burden and questionnaire length: is shorter better? A review and meta-analysis.
Developing and applying a stochastic dynamic population model for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the correlates of cancer-related fatigue.
[Meta-analysis of the association of Pro12Ala polymorphism of peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma gene with type 2 diabetes in Chinese Han population].
[Reduning injection for community-acquired pneumonia: meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis on the association between subclinical hypothyroidism and the left ventricular functions under Doppler echocardiography].
[A meta-analysis of holmium laser enucleation of the prostate for benign prostatic hyperplasia].
[A meta-analysis of the effect and safety of angiotensin II receptor blockers in  treatment of portal hypertension in cirrhotic patients].
[Percutaneous radiofrequency ablation versus hepatic resection for small hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta analysis].
New gene functions in megakaryopoiesis and platelet formation.
Statins and prevention of infections: systematic review and meta-analysis of data from large randomised placebo controlled trials.
Meta-analysis demonstrates no association between p53 codon 72 polymorphism and prostate cancer risk.
[Polymorphisms of Arg389Gly of β1-adrenergic receptor gene and essential hypertension risk: a meta analysis].
Safety of efavirenz in the first trimester of pregnancy: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of pharmacological therapy with acamprosate, naltrexone, and disulfiram--a systematic review].
Intensive glycaemic control for patients with type 2 diabetes: systematic review  with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis of randomised clinical trials.
Association between XPD Lys751Gln polymorphism and risk of head and neck cancer:  a meta-analysis.
[Quantitative evaluations of ischemic stroke based on meta-analysis].
Risk of placenta previa in second birth after first birth cesarean section: a population-based study and meta-analysis.
Diversity of the inferior frontal gyrus--a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
High p27 expression is associated with a better prognosis in East Asian non-small cell lung cancer patients.
Effects of fibrates on C-reactive protein concentrations: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review on the effect of sweeteners on glycemic response and clinically relevant outcomes.
Effects of SLC10A2 variant rs9514089 on gallstone risk and serum cholesterol levels- meta-analysis of three independent cohorts.
Rate vs. rhythm control in patients with atrial fibrillation--an updated meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials.
Benefit, rather than safety, of cilostazol for long-term mortality in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Does patent foramen ovale closure have an anti-arrhythmic effect? A meta-analysis.
Poor citation of prior evidence in hip fracture trials.
A meta-analysis of electroencephalographic sleep in depression: evidence for genetic biomarkers.
Statins and intracerebral hemorrhage: collaborative systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol drinking and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma with focus on light-drinkers and never-smokers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Radiosurgery of glomus jugulare tumors: a meta-analysis.
Which is the optimal biologically effective dose of stereotactic body radiotherapy for Stage I non-small-cell lung cancer? A meta-analysis.
Birth prevalence of congenital heart disease worldwide: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interferon-γ release assays for active pulmonary tuberculosis diagnosis in adults in low- and middle-income countries: systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Reconstruction of pancreaticogastrostomy versus pancreaticojejunostomy after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis of prospectively controlled trials].
The effect of lifestyle modification and cardiovascular risk factor reduction on  erectile dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of CAG (cytarabine, aclarubicin, G-CSF) regimen for the treatment of 1029 patients with acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome.
Effect of radiotherapy after breast-conserving surgery on 10-year recurrence and  15-year breast cancer death: meta-analysis of individual patient data for 10,801  women in 17 randomised trials.
Complement factor D in age-related macular degeneration.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of methylphenidate and atomoxetine in treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Dietary fibre, whole grains, and risk of colorectal cancer: systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Prognostic significance of hemoglobin A1c level in patients hospitalized with coronary artery disease. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Several clinical interests regarding lung volume reduction surgery for severe emphysema: meta-analysis and systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Low molecular weight heparin versus unfractionated heparin for perioperative thromboprophylaxis in patients with cancer.
Blunt versus sharp suture needles for preventing percutaneous exposure incidents  in surgical staff.
Neuropsychological rehabilitation for multiple sclerosis.
Interventions designed to prevent healthcare bed-related injuries in patients.
Probiotics for patients with hepatic encephalopathy.
Lycopene for the prevention of prostate cancer.
Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation for autism spectrum disorders (ASD).
Xylitol for preventing acute otitis media in children up to 12 years of age.
Intraperitoneal chemotherapy for the initial management of primary epithelial ovarian cancer.
Probiotics for the prevention of pediatric antibiotic-associated diarrhea.
Non-legislative interventions for the promotion of cycle helmet wearing by children.
Operative procedures for fissure in ano.
Human albumin solution for resuscitation and volume expansion in critically ill patients.
Treatment of brain arteriovenous malformations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Isolated low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol are associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease: an individual participant data meta-analysis of 23 studies in the Asia-Pacific region.
Efficacy of statins for primary prevention in people at low cardiovascular risk:  a meta-analysis.
Association between chronic cerebrospinal venous insufficiency and multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness of second-line antihyperglycemic therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled on metformin.
Lack of an association between -308G>A polymorphism of the TNF-α gene and liver cirrhosis risk based on a meta-analysis.
Effect of exercise referral schemes in primary care on physical activity and improving health outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of whole-body vibration on postural control in elderly: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of bivalirudin versus heparin plus glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in patients undergoing an invasive strategy: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical  trials.
The impact of needle and syringe provision and opiate substitution therapy on the incidence of hepatitis C virus in injecting drug users: pooling of UK evidence.
Do exercise interventions designed to prevent falls affect participation in life  roles? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: hyperhomocysteinaemia in inflammatory bowel diseases.
Meta-analysis: glutathione-S-transferase allelic variants are associated with alcoholic liver disease.
Meta-analysis: the effects of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG supplementation for the  prevention of healthcare-associated diarrhoea in children.
Intensive glycemic control has no impact on the risk of heart failure in type 2 diabetic patients: evidence from a 37,229 patient meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of intracoronary versus intravenous administration of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors during percutaneous coronary intervention for acute coronary syndrome.
Meta-analysis of early versus deferred revascularization for non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of methotrexate use and risk of cardiovascular disease.
Gestational weight gain and long-term postpartum weight retention: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of frozen section for parotid gland lesions.
Coffee consumption and risk of stroke: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Is diabetes mellitus an independent risk factor for colon cancer and rectal cancer?
Blood pressure measurement method and inter-arm differences: a meta-analysis.
Gray matter volume abnormalities in ADHD: voxel-based meta-analysis exploring the effects of age and stimulant medication.
Pregnancy outcomes in kidney transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Treatment of streptococcal tonsillitis with once-a-day amoxicillin: a meta-analysis].
Efficacy and treatment tolerance in older patients with NSCLC: a meta-analysis of five phase III randomized trials conducted by the Hellenic Oncology Research Group.
Aspirin use and risk for lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Outpatient management of cancer patients with febrile neutropenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Malignancies associated with tumour necrosis factor inhibitors in registries and  prospective observational studies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass in patients with left ventricular dysfunction: a  meta-analysis.
Erlotinib as maintenance therapy in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a pooled analysis of three randomized trials.
Polymorphisms in DNA repair gene XRCC1 and skin cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
1858 C/T polymorphism of the protein tyrosine phosphatase nonreceptor 22 gene and rheumatoid arthritis risk in europeans: a meta-analysis.
Association between polymorphism of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T and risk of myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis for 8,140 cases and 10,522 controls.
Effect of age on response to amblyopia treatment in children.
Metal-on-metal or metal-on-polyethylene for total hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of prospective randomized studies.
Effectiveness of interventions aimed at reducing screen time in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Safety of laparoscopic vs open bariatric surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variants of the monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 gene and its receptor  CCR2 and risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between single nucleotide polymorphisms in TGF-β receptor genes and abdominal aortic aneurysm.
The severe sepsis bundles as processes of care: a meta-analysis.
Prioritization and association analysis of murine-derived candidate genes in anxiety-spectrum disorders.
The effect of smoking cessation counselling in pregnant women: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Shift work and pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review with meta-analysis of currently available epidemiological studies.
First-trimester ductus venosus screening for cardiac defects: a meta-analysis.
Extending epidural analgesia for emergency Caesarean section: a meta-analysis.
Poor prognostic value of the modified Mallampati score: a meta-analysis involving 177 088 patients.
Benefits of exercise training in patients receiving haemodialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of exercise-induced dehydration on time-trial exercise performance: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of MTHFR gene variants in schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and unipolar depressive disorder: evidence for a common genetic vulnerability?
Perinatal morbidity and mortality associated with chlamydial infection: a meta-analysis study.
Real-time elastography for the differentiation of benign and malignant breast lesions: a meta-analysis.
Association between polymorphisms of the renin-angiotensin system genes and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between the p53 polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: meta-analysis based on case-control study.
High-dose statin pretreatment for the prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Coronary artery perforation during percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lipid lowering on progression of mild to moderate aortic stenosis: meta-analysis  of the randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials on 2344 patients.
Paternal occupational exposure to pesticides and risk of neuroblastoma among children: a meta-analysis.
EGFR mutations, gene amplification, and protein expression and KRAS mutations in  primary and metastatic tumors of nonsmall cell lung cancers and their clinical implications: a meta-analysis.
The hormonal receptor status in breast cancer can be altered by neoadjuvant chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Development of ethnic, racial, and national prejudice in childhood and adolescence: a multinational meta-analysis of age differences.
The CLOCK gene and mood disorders: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
The risk of venous thrombosis, including cerebral vein thrombosis, among women with thrombophilia and oral contraceptive use: a meta-analysis.
Clinical Importance of Streptococcus gallolyticus infection among colorectal cancer patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A Meta-Analysis of the relationship between the Rorschach Ego Impairment Index (EII) and psychiatric severity.
Genetic and environmental influences on impulsivity: a meta-analysis of twin, family and adoption studies.
Effects of psychological treatment on recurrent abdominal pain in children - a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of ultrasound for rotator cuff tears in adults: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
The effects of whole body vibration therapy on bone mineral density and leg muscle strength in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness and safety of prophylactic use of nimodipine in patients with an aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage.
Risk factors predicting desmoid occurrence in patients with familial adenomatous  polyposis: a meta-analysis.
Hematologic toxicities in cancer patients treated with the multi-tyrosine kinase  sorafenib: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Safety of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Blood glucose and subsequent cardiovascular disease: update of a meta-analysis.
The role of insulin resistance in HIV/hepatitis C virus-coinfected patients.
Is playing exergames really exercising? A meta-analysis of energy expenditure in  active video games.
IFN-γ+874 A/T polymorphism and cancer risk: an updated analysis based on 32 case-control studies.
Five polymorphisms of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis involving 16,703 individuals.
The -1082A/G polymorphism in the Interleukin-10 gene and the risk of rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase T1 polymorphism is associated with breast cancer susceptibility.
Illness perceptions and glycaemic control in diabetes: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
CPVL/CHN2 genetic variant is associated with diabetic retinopathy in Chinese type 2 diabetic patients.
Genetic examination of SETD7 and SUV39H1/H2 methyltransferases and the risk of diabetes complications in patients with type 1 diabetes.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors and bone fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists versus insulin in inadequately controlled patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Increase of body weight during the first year of intensive insulin treatment in type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and the risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
A meta-analysis of CDH1 C-160A genetic polymorphism and gastric cancer risk.
Meta-analysis of controlled studies on immunotherapy in severe scorpion envenomation.
Oxygen therapy for acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of antihyperglycemic therapies and the influence of baseline hemoglobin  A(1C): a meta-analysis of the liraglutide development program.
[Effectiveness of oral care in the prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia. systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials].
Time-dependent analysis of extra length of stay and mortality due to ventilator-associated pneumonia in intensive-care units of ten limited-resources  countries: findings of the International Nosocomial Infection Control Consortium  (INICC).
A meta-analysis of polycystic ovary syndrome in women taking valproate for epilepsy.
Progressive pathology is functionally linked to the domains of language and emotion: meta-analysis of brain structure changes in schizophrenia patients.
Comparison of video laryngoscopes with direct laryngoscopy for tracheal intubation: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Meta-analysis of CHEK2 1100delC variant and colorectal cancer susceptibility.
Body mass index and risk of non-Hodgkin's and Hodgkin's lymphoma: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Chemotherapeutic adjuvant treatment for osteosarcoma: where do we stand?
Hormonal and reproductive factors in relation to melanoma in women: current review and meta-analysis.
CYP1A1 Ile462Val polymorphism and susceptibility to lung cancer: a meta-analysis  based on 32 studies.
Contemporary results after surgical repair of type A aortic dissection in patients aged 80 years and older: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the use of the Heartstring anastomotic device to prevent stroke  in patients undergoing off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting.
Prognostic role of microRNA-21 in various carcinomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hypogonadism as a risk factor for cardiovascular mortality in men: a meta-analytic study.
Wine, beer or spirit drinking in relation to fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus and incidence and mortality of colorectal cancer: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Clinical efficacy and safety of lactulose for minimal hepatic encephalopathy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: efficacy and safety of combination therapy of infliximab and immunosuppressives for Crohn's disease.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Body mass index and the risk and prognosis of acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Balanced into array: genome-wide array analysis in 54 patients with an apparently balanced de novo chromosome rearrangement and a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of post-treatment FDG PET or FDG PET/CT imaging in head and neck cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Myocardial perfusion scintigraphy and echocardiography for detecting coronary artery disease in hypertensive patients: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic-assisted vaginal hysterectomy vs abdominal hysterectomy for benign disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparison of virtual cystoscopy and ultrasonography for bladder cancer detection: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of USPIO-enhanced MRI for lymph-node metastases in different body regions: a meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance for assessment of axillary lymph node status in early breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Elective endovascular vs. open repair for abdominal aortic aneurysm in patients aged 80 years and older: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does physical activity reduce the risk of prostate cancer? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Percutaneous renal artery intervention versus medical therapy in patients with renal artery stenosis: a meta-analysis.
Interferon gamma release assay in diagnosis of pediatric tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
EUS elastography for the differentiation of benign and malignant lymph nodes: a meta-analysis.
Sex differences in symptom presentation in acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
P53 codon 72 polymorphism and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
The +874T/A polymorphism in the interferon-γ gene and tuberculosis risk: an update by meta-analysis.
A genome-wide association study of bladder cancer identifies a new susceptibility locus within SLC14A1, a urea transporter gene on chromosome 18q12.3.
Increased live birth rates with GnRH agonist addition for luteal support in ICSI/IVF cycles: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic association studies of angiogenesis- and vasoconstriction-related genes in women with recurrent pregnancy loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of cardiovascular disease risk markers in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Association of the CYP3A5 polymorphism (6986G>A) with blood pressure and hypertension.
Impact of resistance training on blood pressure and other cardiovascular risk factors: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Associations between ERAP1 polymorphisms and ankylosing spondylitis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of amputation versus limb salvage in mangled lower limb injuries--the patient perspective.
Laparoscopic versus conventional open surgery for immune function in patients with colorectal cancer.
Impact of ileal pouch-anal anastomosis on female fertility: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Hunger and binge eating: a meta-analysis of studies using ecological momentary assessment.
Trichloroethylene and cancer: systematic and quantitative review of epidemiologic evidence for identifying hazards.
The impact of blue space on human health and well-being - Salutogenetic health effects of inland surface waters: a review.
Intentional weight loss and changes in symptoms of depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Chronic diseases among older people and co-resident psychological morbidity: a 10/66 Dementia Research Group population-based survey.
Hippocampal atrophy in first episode depression: a meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of mood stabilizer and second generation antipsychotic monotherapy for acute mania--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glial pathology is modified by age in mood disorders--a systematic meta-analysis  of serum S100B in vivo studies.
A genome-wide meta-analysis of genetic variants associated with allergic rhinitis and grass sensitization and their interaction with birth order.
A meta-analysis of bone mineral density in collegiate female athletes.
Impact of platelet reactivity on clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention. A collaborative meta-analysis of individual participant data.
Pushing the envelope beyond a centimeter in rectal cancer: oncologic implications of close, but negative margins.
Green tea catechins decrease total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of calcineurin-inhibitor-sparing regimens in kidney transplantation.
Are you interested? A meta-analysis of relations between vocational interests and employee performance and turnover.
The effect of goal setting on group performance: a meta-analysis.
The five-factor model of personality traits and organizational citizenship behaviors: a meta-analysis.
Demographic faultlines: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Core ADHD symptom improvement with atomoxetine versus methylphenidate: a direct comparison meta-analysis.
Is neonatal jaundice associated with Autism Spectrum Disorders: a systematic review.
Possible association of NAT2 polymorphism with laryngeal cancer risk: an evidence-based meta-analysis.
Diagnosis value of focal liver lesions with SonoVue®-enhanced ultrasound compared with contrast-enhanced computed tomography and contrast-enhanced MRI: a meta-analysis.
Catheter ablation for atrial fibrillation in patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of aerobic interval training on exercise capacity and metabolic risk factors in people with cardiometabolic disorders: a meta-analysis.
The effect of recurrent severe hypoglycemia on cognitive performance in children  with type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between juvenile psychopathic traits, delinquency and (violent)  recidivism: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of fractures after solid organ transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of efficacy and treatment-emergent suicidality in adults by psychiatric indication and age subgroup following initiation of paroxetine therapy: a complete set of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
The brain network for deductive reasoning: a quantitative meta-analysis of 28 neuroimaging studies.
Meta-analysis of overnight closed-loop randomized studies in children and adults  with type 1 diabetes: the Cambridge cohort.
Repeated white light transurethral resection of the bladder in nonmuscle-invasive urothelial bladder cancers: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects and patient compliance of sustained-release versus immediate-release glipizides in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the published literature on the effectiveness of antimicrobial soaps.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of pasteurization on milk vitamins, and evidence for raw milk consumption and other health-related outcomes.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of survival and surgical outcomes following neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for pancreatic cancer.
Effect of aspirin dose on mortality and cardiovascular events in people with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Examining positive and negative perceptions of older workers: a meta-analysis.
Surgical versus nonsurgical treatment of acute minimally displaced and undisplaced scaphoid waist fractures: pairwise and network meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials.
Hemochromatosis gene and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Male circumcision and human papillomavirus infection in men: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Cardiac resynchronization therapy in patients with mild heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of phospholipid species on membrane fluidity: a meta-analysis for a novel phospholipid fluidity index.
Robot-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomy vs traditional laparoscopic hysterectomy: five metaanalyses.
Flavonoid-rich cocoa consumption affects multiple cardiovascular risk factors in  a meta-analysis of short-term studies.
Meta-analysis of sex difference in testosterone levels in umbilical cord blood.
Long-term efficacy of subantimicrobial-dose doxycycline as an adjunctive treatment to scaling and root planing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to assess the effectiveness and safety of Free and Easy Wanderer Plus, a polyherbal preparation for depressive disorders.
A meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies identifies 3 new loci for  alcohol dependence.
Can Asperger syndrome be distinguished from autism? An anatomic likelihood meta-analysis of MRI studies.
Psychosocial risk and protective factors for depression in the dialysis population: a systematic review and meta-regression analysis.
Accelerometer-derived physical activity levels of preschoolers: a meta-analysis.
Is the sentinel node biopsy clinically applicable for limited lymphadenectomy and modified gastric resection in gastric cancer? A meta-analysis of feasibility studies.
Meta-analysis of trials comparing minimally-invasive and open liver resections for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Can B-domain deletion alter the immunogenicity of recombinant factor VIII? A meta-analysis of prospective clinical studies.
Efficacy and safety of intensive insulin therapy for critically ill neurologic patients: a meta-analysis.
The results of ureteral stenting after ureteroscopic lithotripsy for ureteral calculi: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the outcome of endovascular and noninvasive therapies in the treatment of intermittent claudication.
Role of hepatitis C virus genotype 3 in liver fibrosis progression--a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia with oral antiseptics: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of tigecycline for the treatment of infectious diseases: a meta-analysis.
Risk of sudden unexpected death in epilepsy in patients given adjunctive antiepileptic treatment for refractory seizures: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled randomised trials.
HER2 and TOP2A as predictive markers for anthracycline-containing chemotherapy regimens as adjuvant treatment of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Expression of p16 in non-small cell lung cancer and its prognostic significance:  a meta-analysis of published literatures.
Differences in clinical manifestations between childhood-onset lupus and adult-onset lupus: a meta-analysis.
Effect of soy isoflavones on circulating C-reactive protein in postmenopausal women: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
RNASEL -1385G/A polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 21 case-control studies.
Cyclin D1 G870A polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis comprising 9,911 cases and 11,171 controls.
Association between the IL7R T244I polymorphism and multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
TP53 codon 72 polymorphism and colorectal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphic locus rs10492972 of the KIF1B gene association with multiple sclerosis in Russia: case control study.
GWA study data mining and independent replication identify cardiomyopathy-associated 5 (CMYA5) as a risk gene for schizophrenia.
Executive functions in Parkinson's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Cox-2 -1195 G > A polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 25 case-control studies.
A genome-wide association study of aging.
The nature of hemispheric specialization for linguistic and emotional prosodic perception: a meta-analysis of the lesion literature.
The effect of antidepressant medication treatment on serum levels of inflammatory cytokines: a meta-analysis.
Tc-99m sestamibi scintimammography for the diagnosis of breast cancer: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Can ¹⁸F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography predict responses to neoadjuvant therapy in oesophageal cancer patients? A meta-analysis.
Milk consumption and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis of published epidemiological studies.
Effects of selenium supplements on cancer prevention: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of beta-carotene supplements on cancer prevention: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Meta-analysis on the role of lycopene in type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Influence of consumption of probiotics on the plasma lipid profile: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Intentional weight loss in overweight and obese individuals and cognitive function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variants and the metabolic syndrome: a systematic review.
Neurodevelopmental outcomes after laser therapy for twin-twin transfusion syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of regional anesthesia on the success rate of external cephalic version: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Energy-based vessel sealing in vaginal hysterectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus types 16 and 18 in epithelial dysplasia of oral cavity and oropharynx: a meta-analysis, 1985-2010.
The effect of osteoarthritis definition on prevalence and incidence estimates: a  systematic review.
History of knee injuries and knee osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Effectiveness of interventions to improve the detection and treatment of osteoporosis in primary care settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
International migration and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis investigating breast feeding and childhood wheezing illness.
A meta-analysis of pain response in the treatment of fibromyalgia.
Outcomes in children treated for perineal group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal dermatitis.
Age and risks of FDA-approved long-acting β₂-adrenergic receptor agonists.
Lower tacrolimus daily dose requirements and acute rejection rates in the CYP3A5  nonexpressers than expressers.
Statin therapy for the prevention of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Negative-pressure therapy versus standard wound care: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Physical activity attenuates the influence of FTO variants on obesity risk: a meta-analysis of 218,166 adults and 19,268 children.
Molecular typing of Treponema pallidum: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The correlation between lung volume and liver herniation measurements by fetal MRI in isolated congenital diaphragmatic hernia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Late gadolinium enhancement CMR predicts adverse cardiovascular outcomes and mortality in patients with coronary artery disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pattern of occurrence and occupancy of carbonylation sites in proteins.
Intergroup consensus/disagreement in support of group-based hierarchy: an examination of socio-structural and psycho-cultural factors.
A meta-analysis of the effect of cognitive bias modification on anxiety and depression.
The clinical effectiveness of CBT-based guided self-help interventions for anxiety and depressive disorders: a systematic review.
Testing the allegiance bias hypothesis: a meta-analysis.
Is functional MR imaging assessment of hemispheric language dominance as good as  the Wada test?: a meta-analysis.
IVF/ICSI outcomes after culture of human embryos at low oxygen tension: a meta-analysis.
Screening for group B Streptococcus in pregnant women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of rituximab for the treatment of active rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Confirmation of association of the macrophage migration inhibitory factor gene with systemic sclerosis in a large European population.
Is traumatic brain injury a risk factor for schizophrenia? A meta-analysis of case-controlled population-based studies.
Neuropsychological performance in older patients with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of cross-sectional and longitudinal studies.
A quantitative meta-analysis of population-based studies of premorbid intelligence and schizophrenia.
A review of genetic association studies of obstructive sleep apnea: field synopsis and meta-analysis.
Effects of augmented exercise therapy on outcome of gait and gait-related activities in the first 6 months after stroke: a meta-analysis.
Factor V Leiden and thrombosis in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD): a meta-analysis.
Lipoprotein lipase Ser447Ter polymorphism associated with the risk of ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Statins in the prevention of venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Weak or absent evidence for the association of HLA-DR antigens with risk of thyroid carcinoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
A meta-analysis of randomized and risk-adjusted observational studies of endovascular versus open repair for ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
A mixed-methods approach to synthesizing evidence on mediators of intervention effects.
Risk factors for mesh-related infections after hernia repair surgery: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
The use of transcutaneous oximetry to predict complications of chronic wound healing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Evaluation of efficacy and safety of loratadine in the treatment of childhood asthma].
[Meta analysis of compound matrine injection combined with cisplatin chemotherapy for advanced gastric cancer].
[Impacts of different transurethral prostatic resection procedures on male sexual function: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
[The effects of short-term high-dose statins on the prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy in patients undertaking coronary angiography: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
[Screening of early lung cancer with low-dose computed tomography in high-risk populations: a meta-analysis].
[Association between inhalable particulate matter and mortality in China: a meta-analysis].
Vascular endothelial growth factor gene polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of an association of codon 72 polymorphisms of the p53 gene with increased endometrial cancer risk.
Smith-Magenis syndrome: clinical evaluation in seven Brazilian patients.
Percutaneous coronary intervention versus bypass surgery for left main coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: cytokines in fibromyalgia syndrome.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: rapid diagnostic tests versus placental histology, microscopy and PCR for malaria in pregnant women.
The prevalence of hyperuricemia in China: a meta-analysis.
Comprehensive geriatric assessment for older adults admitted to hospital: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Premenopausal endogenous oestrogen levels and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Abacavir use and cardiovascular disease events: a meta-analysis of published and  unpublished data.
Designing a genome-based HIV incidence assay with high sensitivity and specificity.
Association of -619C/T polymorphism in CDSN gene and psoriasis risk: a meta-analysis.
Pleural fluid soluble triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells-1 as a marker of bacterial infection: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of P wave character as predictor of atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials for effects of atorvastatin on renal function in chronic kidney disease.
Outcomes among black patients with stage II and III colon cancer receiving chemotherapy: an analysis of ACCENT adjuvant trials.
Association of ABO blood group with severe falciparum malaria in adults: case control study and meta-analysis.
[Mediterranean or low-fat diets to reduce cardiovascular risk?].
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies common variants in CTNNA2 associated with excitement-seeking.
Interleukin-6 -174G/C polymorphism and the risk of Alzheimer's disease in Caucasians: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of praziquantel and artemisinin derivatives for the treatment and prevention of human schistosomiasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of monotherapy versus combination therapy for pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing isolated left ventricular and biventricular pacing in patients with chronic heart failure.
Review and metaanalysis of the frequency of familial dilated cardiomyopathy.
The neural basis of drug stimulus processing and craving: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Iron chelation therapy in thalassemia major: a systematic review with meta-analyses of 1520 patients included on randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis and genome-wide interpretation of genetic susceptibility to drug addiction.
The role of [18F]-2-fluoro-2-deoxy-d-glucose-positron emission tomography in thyroid nodules with indeterminate fine-needle aspiration biopsy: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Activation of the glucocorticoid receptor is associated with poor prognosis in estrogen receptor-negative breast cancer.
Common variants at VRK2 and TCF4 conferring risk of schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study for serum urate concentrations and gout among African Americans identifies genomic risk loci and a novel URAT1 loss-of-function allele.
TNF -308G>A single nucleotide polymorphism is associated with leprosy among Brazilians: a genetic epidemiology assessment, meta-analysis, and functional study.
Coordinate-based meta-analysis of experimentally induced and chronic persistent neuropathic pain.
A meta-analysis of lamivudine for interruption of mother-to-child transmission of hepatitis B virus.
How the risk of liver cancer changes after alcohol cessation: a review and meta-analysis of the current literature.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between p21 Ser31Arg polymorphism and lung cancer susceptibility.
A gene signature in histologically normal surgical margins is predictive of oral  carcinoma recurrence.
Practice effects on the modified concept shifting task (mCST): a convenient assessment for treatment effects on prefrontal cognitive function.
Meta-analysis of the effect of herbal supplement on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes.
Does clinical examination aid in the diagnosis of urinary tract infections in women? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between cigarette smoking and incidence of Hodgkin's Lymphoma.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of antimanic drugs in acute mania: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
Cigarette smoking as a risk factor for coronary heart disease in women compared with men: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Three initial diets for management of mild acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation for adult acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) in first complete remission.
Interventions for visual field defects in patients with stroke.
Single dose intravenous propacetamol or intravenous paracetamol for postoperative pain.
Different durations of corticosteroid therapy for exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Oral iron supplements for children in malaria-endemic areas.
Glucagon-like peptide analogues for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Endovenous ablation (radiofrequency and laser) and foam sclerotherapy versus conventional surgery for great saphenous vein varices.
Thiazide diuretics and the risk of hip fracture.
Treatment for anemia in people with AIDS.
Evening versus morning dosing regimen drug therapy for hypertension.
Adjuvant chemotherapy for endometrial cancer after hysterectomy.
Venepuncture versus heel lance for blood sampling in term neonates.
Human albumin solution for resuscitation and volume expansion in critically ill patients.
Cemented all-polyethylene and metal-backed polyethylene tibial components used for primary total knee arthroplasty: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials involving 1798 primary total knee implants.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials: comparison of total disk replacement with anterior cervical decompression and fusion.
Clinical decision rules for excluding pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
Use of angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin-receptor blockers  and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Impact of the everolimus-eluting stent on stent thrombosis: a meta-analysis of 13 randomized trials.
Presence of baseline prehypertension and risk of incident stroke: a meta-analysis.
The subcellular distribution of small molecules: a meta-analysis.
Anti-vascular endothelial growth factor antibody bevacizumab reduced the risk of  anemia associated with chemotherapy-A meta-analysis.
Metal-backed versus all-polyethylene tibial components in primary total knee arthroplasty.
Therapeutic hypothermia initiated in the pre-hospital setting: a meta-analysis.
Adherence to highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART): a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of structural-level condom distribution interventions: a meta-analysis of U.S. and international studies, 1998-2007.
Meta-analysis: predictors of rebleeding after endoscopic treatment for bleeding peptic ulcer.
Meta-analysis: ursodeoxycholic acid for primary sclerosing cholangitis.
A meta-analysis of specifically designed randomized trials of sirolimus-eluting versus paclitaxel-eluting stents in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease.
Efficacy of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation post-myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of coffee on blood pressure and cardiovascular disease in hypertensive individuals: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Red meat consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes: 3 cohorts of US adults and an updated meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of ultrasound-guided core needle biopsy for salivary gland lesions.
Short-term efficacy and safety of vasopressin receptor antagonists for treatment  of hyponatremia.
[Cardioprotection by thoracic epidural anesthesia? : meta-analysis].
A comparison between remifentanil and meperidine for labor analgesia: a systematic review.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of applications of the Self-Report Habit Index to nutrition and physical activity behaviours.
Age differences in risky choice: a meta-analysis.
Predictive value of microvolt T-wave alternans for cardiac death or ventricular tachyarrhythmic events in ischemic and nonischemic cardiomyopathy patients: a meta-analysis.
Effects of monounsaturated fatty acids on glycaemic control in patients with abnormal glucose metabolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcome of advanced NSCLC patients harboring sensitizing EGFR mutations randomized to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors or chemotherapy as first-line treatment: a meta-analysis.
The patency of sequential and individual vein coronary bypass grafts: a systematic review.
Laparoscopic versus open gastrectomy for early distal gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the fixed-bearing and mobile-bearing prostheses in total knee  arthroplasty.
Surgical treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease: total or partial fundoplication? systematic review and meta-analysis.
Toll-like receptor 4 gene polymorphism and giant cell arteritis susceptibility: a cumulative meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of cytokine alterations in schizophrenia: clinical status and antipsychotic effects.
Does cervical preparation before outpatient hysteroscopy reduce women's pain experience? A systematic review.
A meta-analysis of adverse perinatal outcomes in women with asthma.
Vitamin or antioxidant intake (or serum level) and risk of cervical neoplasm: a meta-analysis.
Consequences of hyperemesis gravidarum for offspring: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and adverse effects of ketamine as an additive for paediatric caudal anaesthesia: a quantitative systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Do long-chain n-3 fatty acids reduce arterial stiffness? A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Treatments for macular degeneration: summarising evidence using network meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on the rate of postoperative venous thromboembolism in orthopaedic surgery in Asian patients without thromboprophylaxis.
Is gene array testing to be considered routine now?
The role of topoisomerase IIα in predicting sensitivity to anthracyclines in breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis of published literatures.
Sentinel lymph node biopsy compared with axillary lymph node dissection in early  breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
HER2 discordance between primary breast cancer and its paired metastasis: tumor biology or test artefact? Insights through meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of sentinel lymph node biopsy at the time of prophylactic mastectomy of the breast.
Retinol, vitamins A, C, and E and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma and gluten-sensitive enteropathy: estimate of risk using meta-analyses.
Inverse association between eczema and meningioma: a meta-analysis.
Tumour necrosis factor gene polymorphisms and migraine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnosis of pneumothorax by radiography and ultrasonography: a meta-analysis.
Tai chi for management of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Reciprocal transcriptional regulation of metabolic and signaling pathways correlates with disease severity in heart failure.
Prednisolone and budesonide for short- and long-term treatment of microscopic colitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Desmin-related myopathy.
Diagnostic accuracy of real-time polymerase chain reaction in detection of Clostridium difficile in the stool samples of patients with suspected Clostridium difficile Infection: a meta-analysis.
Metabolic syndrome and kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of antigen detection tests for the diagnosis  of tuberculosis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of adjunctive NMDA receptor modulators in chronic schizophrenia.
Topiramate versus carbamazepine for the treatment of classical trigeminal neuralgia: a meta-analysis.
Antioxidants in the chemoprevention of colorectal cancer and colorectal adenomas  in the general population: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Race/ethnicity and the factor structure of the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of quinolone containing otics in comparison to antibiotic-steroid combination drugs in the local treatment of otitis externa.
Medical adherence in pediatric organ transplantation: what are the next steps?
Evidence for a dose effect of renin-angiotensin system inhibition on progression  of microalbuminuria in Type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Reduced risk of colorectal cancer with metformin therapy in patients with type 2  diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Absence of association between GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms and melanoma susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Effect of pre-medication on early adverse reactions following antivenom use in snakebite: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antiepileptic effects of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A meta-analysis.
The effect of intimate partner violence against women on under-five children mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of statins on coronary and peripheral endothelial function in humans: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A critical review and meta-analysis of the association between overt hyperthyroidism and mortality.
Meta-analysis: cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors are no better than nonselective nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs with proton pump inhibitors in regard to gastrointestinal adverse events in osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the role of somatostatin and its analogues in the treatment of enterocutaneous fistula.
Efficacy of statin therapy in chronic systolic cardiac insufficiency: a meta-analysis.
Rate vs rhythm control in patients with atrial fibrillation and heart failure: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Hippocampal volume in borderline personality disorder with and without comorbid posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of interspinous implant surgery in patients with intermittent neurogenic claudication: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Varicocele and male factor infertility treatment: a new meta-analysis and review  of the role of varicocele repair.
Pre-arrest predictors of failure to survive after in-hospital cardiopulmonary resuscitation: a meta-analysis.
Toll-like receptor 3 C1234T may protect against geographic atrophy through decreased dsRNA binding capacity.
Effect of hysteroscopy on the peritoneal dissemination of endometrial cancer cells: a meta-analysis.
Comparisons of inhibin B versus antimüllerian hormone in poor ovarian responders  undergoing in vitro fertilization.
Adverse events in older patients undergoing colonoscopy: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Reference values for the Timed Up and Go test in healthy Japanese elderly people: determination using the methodology of meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of matrix metalloproteinases in myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Do antioxidant vitamins have an anti-arrhythmic effect following cardiac surgery? A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of factors affecting trust in human-robot interaction.
Genome-wide association study identifies common variants associated with circulating vitamin E levels.
Stress, distress and outcome of assisted reproductive technology (ART): a meta-analysis.
Comparisons of GnRH antagonist versus GnRH agonist protocol in poor ovarian responders undergoing IVF.
Blood pressure levels in patients with subclinical thyroid dysfunction: a meta-analysis of cross-sectional data.
Prognostic role of C-reactive protein in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Melanocortin 1 receptor and risk of cutaneous melanoma: a meta-analysis and estimates of population burden.
Human tumor microRNA signatures derived from large-scale oligonucleotide microarray datasets.
Exposure to professional pest control treatments and the risk of childhood acute  lymphoblastic leukemia.
Cyclin D1 G870A polymorphism and colorectal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of 20 populations.
Lack of association between XPD Lys751Gln and Asp312Asn polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Domains of physical activity and all-cause mortality: systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Bias in the case-only design applied to studies of gene-environment and gene-gene interaction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the effects of physical activity on physical functioning,  quality of life and depression in older people with dementia.
Caregiver support groups in patients with dementia: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association of IRF5 polymorphism with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Constraint-induced movement therapy for the upper paretic limb in acute or sub-acute stroke: a systematic review.
Transforming growth factor-β1 polymorphisms and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Pediatric optic neuritis and risk of multiple sclerosis: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Depression and HIV/AIDS treatment nonadherence: a review and meta-analysis.
Aripiprazole monotherapy in the treatment of bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for the treatment of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptomatology: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials using 5% benzoyl peroxide and clindamycin versus 2.5% benzoyl peroxide and clindamycin topical treatments in acne.
GPx-1 polymorphism (rs1050450) contributes to tumor susceptibility: evidence from meta-analysis.
Lack of association between BARD1 Cys557Ser variant and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 11,870 cases and 7,687 controls.
An overview of evidence-based management of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Mortality reduction of cardiac resynchronization and implantable cardioverter-defibrillator therapy in heart failure: an updated meta-analysis. Does recent evidence change the standard of care?
Noninvasive ventilation in acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Recombinant activated factor VII increases stroke in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Clinical review: Endogenous testosterone and mortality in men: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical review: The effect of vitamin D on falls: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between vitamin D and risk of colorectal cancer: a systematic review  of prospective studies.
Characterizing the magnitude of the relation between self-reported childhood parentification and adult psychopathology: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of major depressive disorder and dysthymic disorder with antidepressants in patients with comorbid opiate use disorders enrolled in methadone maintenance therapy: a meta-analysis.
Antipsychotics, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, and placebo on the symptom dimensions of borderline personality disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled and open-label trials.
The efficacy and safety of alprazolam versus other benzodiazepines in the treatment of panic disorder.
Functional connectivity and coactivation of the nucleus accumbens: a combined functional connectivity and structure-based meta-analysis.
Racial/ethnic matching of clients and therapists in mental health services: a meta-analytic review of preferences, perceptions, and outcomes.
The contributions of parental attachment bonds to college student development and adjustment: a meta-analytic review.
The effectiveness of anti-illicit-drug public-service announcements: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Factor V Leiden and inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of 8q24.21 loci with the risk of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Depression and medication adherence in the treatment of chronic diseases in the United States: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the biomarkers associated with coronary artery lesions secondary to Kawasaki disease in Chinese children.
Cardiovascular risk in subjects with left ventricular concentric remodeling at baseline examination: a meta-analysis.
Approaching a decade of cryo catheter ablation for type 1 atrial flutter-a meta-analysis and systematic review.
[A systematic review of psychological distress as a risk factor for recurrent cardiac events in patients with coronary artery disease].
No association of functional polymorphisms in methlylenetetrahydrofolate reductase and the risk and minor physical anomalies of schizophrenia in Korean population.
Effects of static magnetic fields on cognition, vital signs, and sensory perception: a meta-analysis.
Updates on the treatment of essential hypertension: a summary of AHRQ's comparative effectiveness review of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, angiotensin II receptor blockers, and direct renin inhibitors.
Predictive value of APOE-ε4 allele for progression from MCI to AD-type dementia:  a meta-analysis.
Latitude is significantly associated with the prevalence of multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of eNOS and ACE gene polymorphisms and risk of pre-eclampsia in women.
Effectiveness of postoperative antibiotics in orthognathic surgery: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of low-level laser therapy in temporomandibular disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of therapeutic exercise and mobilization on patients with shoulder dysfunction : a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Procalcitonin is a predictor for high-grade vesicoureteral reflux in children: meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Behavior problems in children and adolescents with chronic physical illness: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of dopamine use in hypotensive preterm infants: blood pressure and cerebral hemodynamics.
General anaesthesia versus thoracic paravertebral block for breast surgery: a meta-analysis.
Does type-D personality predict outcomes among patients with cardiovascular disease? A meta-analytic review.
Comparisons of outcomes from repair of median nerve and ulnar nerve defect with nerve graft and tubulization: a meta-analysis.
Self-concept and academic achievement: a meta-analysis of longitudinal relations.
Sustained attention in children with primary language impairment: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of prospective randomized trials comparing minimally invasive and open distal gastrectomy for cancer.
Modified versus conventional ultrafiltration in pediatric cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing clinical outcome parameters.
Intramyocardial bone marrow stem cell transplantation during coronary artery bypass surgery: a meta-analysis.
Low-molecular-weight heparins vs. unfractionated heparin in the setting of percutaneous coronary intervention for ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Nonoperative treatment for acute scaphoid fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Recovery after injury: an individual patient data meta-analysis of general health status using the EQ-5D.
Nonoperative management of adult blunt splenic injury with and without splenic artery embolotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Use of ureteral stent in extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for upper urinary  calculi: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intradermal vs intramuscular vaccine against hepatitis B infection in dialysis patients: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Interventions for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Unilateral anomalies of kidney development: why is left not right?
A meta-analysis of hamstring autografts versus bone-patellar tendon-bone autografts for reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament.
Meta-analysis of anatomic resection versus nonanatomic resection for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphisms and acute lymphoblastic leukemia risk: a meta-analysis based on 28 case-control studies.
Efficacy of bevacizumab (Bev) plus chemotherapy (CT) compared to CT alone in previously untreated locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is FCGR2A a susceptibility gene to systemic lupus erythematosus in Chinese?
Effects of the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system plus estrogen therapy in perimenopausal and postmenopausal women: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metabolic syndrome and pancreatic cancer risk: a case-control study in Italy and  meta-analysis.
Effect of prophylactic dexamethasone on nausea and vomiting after laparoscopic gynecological operation: meta-analysis.
The Arg194Trp polymorphism in the XRCC1 gene and cancer risk in Chinese Mainland  population: a meta-analysis.
Association of BLK (rs13277113, rs2248932) polymorphism with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of TYK2 gene polymorphisms association with susceptibility to autoimmune and inflammatory diseases.
APE1 Asp148Glu gene polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Interferon gamma +874 T/A polymorphism contributes to cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on 17 case-control studies.
Current evidences on vascular endothelial growth factor polymorphisms and breast  cancer susceptibility.
Association of a LSP1 gene rs3817198T>C polymorphism with breast cancer risk: evidence from 33,920 cases and 35,671 controls.
Mechanisms of non-metastatic 2 (NME2)-mediated control of metastasis across tumor types.
Neurostructural predictors of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis of VBM studies.
The "paradoxical" engagement of the primary auditory cortex in patients with auditory verbal hallucinations: a meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies.
CHRNA3 rs1051730 genotype and short-term smoking cessation.
Meta-analysis on the effect of the Ala54Thr polymorphism of the fatty acid-binding protein 2 gene on body mass index.
Meta-analysis of the effect of β-glucan intake on blood cholesterol and glucose levels.
Misoprostol in operative hysteroscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Co-twin prognosis after single fetal death: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Therapy for ocular toxoplasmosis.
Myopia as a risk factor for open-angle glaucoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Apexification of immature teeth with calcium hydroxide or mineral trioxide aggregate: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intratympanic steroids for sudden sensorineural hearing loss: a systematic review.
Prevalence of asthma in elementary school age children in Iran--a systematic review and meta analysis study.
Species-specific treatment effects of helminth/HIV-1 co-infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Residual aganglionosis after pull-through operation for Hirschsprung's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Molecular assays in the diagnosis of neonatal sepsis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Inhaled nitric oxide in preterm infants: an individual-patient data meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Genetic determinants of serum testosterone concentrations in men.
Identification, replication, and fine-mapping of Loci associated with adult height in individuals of african ancestry.
Efficacy and safety comparison of continuous glucose monitoring and self-monitoring of blood glucose in type 1 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Skipping breakfast and prevalence of overweight and obesity in Asian and Pacific  regions: a meta-analysis.
Factors associated with symptoms of anxiety and depression in five cohorts of community-based older people: the HALCyon (Healthy Ageing across the Life Course) Programme.
Predicting mortality with severity assessment tools in out-patients with community-acquired pneumonia.
Effect of body mass index on IVF treatment outcome: an updated systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Association of interleukin-13 C-1112T and G+2044A polymorphisms with asthma: a meta-analysis.
[Diagnostic methods in candidemia: a systematic review of literature with meta-analysis].
Cost-effectiveness analysis regarding postoperative administration of vitamin-D and calcium after thyroidectomy to prevent hypocalcaemia.
Clinical efficacy and safety of denosumab in postmenopausal women with low bone mineral density and osteoporosis: a meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of low molecular weight heparins in children: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis of single-arm studies.
Impact of persistent antiphospholipid antibodies on risk of incident symptomatic  thromboembolism in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nasal continuous positive airway pressure (nCPAP) treatment for obstructive sleep apnea, road traffic accidents and driving simulator performance: a meta-analysis.
Effects of acute alkalosis and acidosis on performance: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of binary outcomes from two-by-two tables when the length of follow-up varies and hazards are proportional.
Intraventricular fibrinolysis versus external ventricular drainage alone in intraventricular hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
Dietary potassium intake and risk of stroke: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Use of antibiotics alone for treatment of uncomplicated acute appendicitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between synapsin II (SYN2) gene polymorphism and susceptibility epilepsy: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Relationship between SLC6A3 genotype and striatal dopamine transporter availability: a meta-analysis of human single photon emission computed tomography studies.
Exposure to parental and sibling smoking and the risk of smoking uptake in childhood and adolescence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for urinary tract infections in renal transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy evaluation of imatinib in the treatment of patients with gastrointestinal stromal tumors.
The efficacy and safety of tubeless percutaneous nephrolithotomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The methods of reconstruction of pancreatic digestive continuity after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Infection and eradication of Helicobacter Pylorus affecting etiology and curative effect of idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura: a META analysis.
[Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of plasma exchange in treatment of severe and acute organophosphate poisoning].
[Meta-analysis on the relationship between leptin receptor Gln223Arg and Pro1019Pro gene polymorphism and obesity in the Chinese population].
[Study on the association between 5,10-methylenetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and acute lymphoblastic leukemia risk: a Meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of laparoscopic and open repair of perforated peptic ulcer].
[Meta-analysis of intervention effects on obesity in Chinese pupils].
Gastrointestinal adverse effects of varenicline at maintenance dose: a meta-analysis.
Radiofrequency ablation vs hepatic resection for solitary colorectal liver metastasis: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene variant (C677T) as risk factor for bipolar disorder.
Percutaneous coronary intervention versus coronary artery bypass graft surgery in left main coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical data.
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factors for febrile neutropenia prophylaxis following chemotherapy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Narrow-band imaging does not improve detection of colorectal polyps when compared to conventional colonoscopy: a randomized controlled trial and meta-analysis of published studies.
No association between COMT val158met polymorphism and suicidal behavior: meta-analysis and new data.
Systematic review of sedentary behaviour and health indicators in school-aged children and youth.
Depression and risk of stroke morbidity and mortality: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Influence of viral hepatitis status on prognosis in patients undergoing hepatic resection for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Post-stroke infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Erectile dysfunction and risk of cardiovascular disease: meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
The association of fish consumption with bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Asthma and caries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Strong association of the alcohol dehydrogenase 1B gene (ADH1B) with alcohol dependence and alcohol-induced medical diseases.
What is the potential for bisexual men in China to act as a bridge of HIV transmission to the female population? Behavioural evidence from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 gene and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between TP73 polymorphism (G4C14-A4T14) and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on literatures.
Common variants near FRK/COL10A1 and VEGFA are associated with advanced age-related macular degeneration.
Effect of statin therapy on contrast-induced nephropathy after coronary angiography: a meta-analysis.
Hypothermia after cardiac arrest should be further evaluated--a systematic review of randomised trials with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
No association between APOE ε 4 allele and multiple sclerosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis from 5472 cases and 4727 controls.
Primary forests are irreplaceable for sustaining tropical biodiversity.
Interleukin-10 gene polymorphisms and hepatocellular carcinoma susceptibility: a  meta-analysis.
The hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 2584 cases and 3234 controls.
Impact of pharmacist care in the management of cardiovascular disease risk factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Impact of QRS duration on clinical event reduction with cardiac resynchronization therapy: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Large-scale genome-wide association studies in East Asians identify new genetic loci influencing metabolic traits.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from the CHARGE consortium identifies common variants associated with carotid intima media thickness and plaque.
Mixed treatment comparison of repeated measurements of a continuous endpoint: an  example using topical treatments for primary open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
Association of HLA-B*5801 allele and allopurinol-induced Stevens Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Foam dressings for healing diabetic foot ulcers.
Hydrogel dressings for healing diabetic foot ulcers.
Long-term effects of weight-reducing diets in hypertensive patients.
Colony-stimulating factors for prevention and treatment of infectious complications in patients with acute myelogenous leukemia.
Angiogenesis inhibitors for the treatment of ovarian cancer.
Behavioral interventions to promote condom use among women living with HIV.
Interventions for the treatment of oral and oropharyngeal cancers: surgical treatment.
Interventions for latent autoimmune diabetes (LADA) in adults.
Interventions to promote the wearing of hearing protection.
Reminder packaging for improving adherence to self-administered long-term medications.
Screening programmes for developmental dysplasia of the hip in newborn infants.
Stapled versus handsewn methods for ileocolic anastomoses.
Toxicity of adjuvant endocrine therapy in postmenopausal breast cancer patients:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Technology-enhanced simulation for health professions education: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of serious adverse cardiovascular events associated with varenicline: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of beta-adrenergic antagonists in patients with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence of epilepsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Canadian oncogenic human papillomavirus cervical infection prevalence: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy and reliability of ultrasonography for the detection of fatty liver: a meta-analysis.
Use of simulation-based education to improve outcomes of central venous catheterization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of perioperative pregabalin for post-operative pain: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the cardiovascular benefits of intensive lipid lowering with statins.
The effect of beta-blocker therapy on progressive aortic dilatation in children and adolescents with Marfan's syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Clinical recognition of dementia and cognitive impairment in primary care: a meta-analysis of physician accuracy.
The role of color information on object recognition: a review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of 18F-FDG PET/CT with bone scintigraphy for detection of bone metastasis: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effectiveness of behavioural smoking cessation interventions in selected disadvantaged groups.
Prevention of bone resorption by intake of phytoestrogens in postmenopausal women: a meta-analysis.
Is power training or conventional resistance training better for function in elderly persons? A meta-analysis.
The association between the SLC6A3 VNTR 9-repeat allele and alcoholism-a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: antibiotic prophylaxis for cirrhotic patients with upper gastrointestinal bleeding - an updated Cochrane review.
Dietary fiber intake and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Natriuretic peptide testing in EDs for managing acute dyspnea: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of, and risk factors for, chronic idiopathic constipation in the community: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of fat intake, reproduction, and breast cancer risk: an evolutionary perspective.
Impact of home blood pressure telemonitoring and blood pressure control: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Vitamin D status and mortality risk in CKD: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Cystatin C in prediction of acute kidney injury: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of sotalol in preventing postoperative atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparing Mediterranean to low-fat diets for modification of cardiovascular risk factors.
Association between polymorphisms of DRD2 and DRD4 and opioid dependence: evidence from the current studies.
Vitrectomy timing for retained lens fragments after surgery for age-related cataracts: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Institutional results and meta-analysis of outcome after infrainguinal surgical revascularization in patients greater than 80 years old.
Sutures versus staples for the management of surgical wounds: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
C-reactive protein as a predictor of mortality in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Perioperative single dose systemic dexamethasone for postoperative pain: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Alcohol drinking and colorectal cancer risk: an overall and dose-response meta-analysis of published studies.
The Ile585Val TRPV1 variant is involved in risk of painful knee osteoarthritis.
Clinical efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with platinum-based regimen for patients with locoregionally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: an evidence-based meta-analysis.
Mortality and morbidity associated with simultaneous bilateral or staged bilateral total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Breastfeeding of newborns by mothers carrying hepatitis B virus: a meta-analysis  and systematic review.
Effect of oral vitamin C supplementation on serum uric acid: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of alpha-glucosidase inhibitors on the progression of carotid intima-media thickness: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparative clinical effects of hydromorphone and morphine: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of low-dose bupivacaine in spinal anaesthesia for Caesarean delivery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is occupational solar ultraviolet irradiation a relevant risk factor for basal cell carcinoma? A systematic review and meta-analysis of the epidemiological literature.
Minimal interventions to decrease long-term use of benzodiazepines in primary care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acute infective conjunctivitis in primary care: who needs antibiotics? An individual patient data meta-analysis.
Chromosome abnormalities in advanced stage T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma of children and adolescents: a report from Japanese Paediatric Leukaemia/Lymphoma Study Group (JPLSG) and review of the literature.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical outcomes of vitrectomy with or  without intravitreal bevacizumab pretreatment for severe diabetic retinopathy.
Advanced dental disease in people with severe mental illness: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sedentary behaviour interventions in young people: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of survival and disease recurrence after radiofrequency ablation for hepatocellular carcinoma.
TNF-alpha polymorphisms and breast cancer.
Tirofiban use with clopidogrel and aspirin decreases adverse cardiovascular events after percutaneous coronary intervention for ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Percutaneous coronary intervention with vs without on-site cardiac surgery backup: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of adalimumab on work productivity and indirect costs in moderate to severe Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of pregabalin in the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder.
Serum selenium, genetic variation in selenoenzymes, and risk of colorectal cancer: primary analysis from the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study and meta-analysis.
Human relevance of pre-clinical studies in stem cell therapy: systematic review and meta-analysis of large animal models of ischaemic heart disease.
Migraine and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Drug and device effects on peak oxygen consumption, 6-minute walk distance, and natriuretic peptides as predictors of therapeutic effects on mortality in patients with heart failure and reduced ejection fraction.
The psychosocial effects of cleft lip and palate in non-Anglo populations: a cross-cultural meta-analysis.
Anxiety disorders in children and adolescents with autistic spectrum disorders: a meta-analysis.
Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic conjunctivitis: Cochrane systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Adverse events of intravenous glucocorticoid pulse therapy in inflammatory diseases: a meta-analysis.
Low doses of acetylsalicylic acid increase risk of gastrointestinal bleeding in a meta-analysis.
Educational interventions by pharmacists to patients with chronic pain: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the accuracy of peripheral thermometry in estimating core  temperatures among febrile critically ill patients.
The effects of statin on atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of published data from randomized controlled trials.
Microleakage after thermocycling of cemented crowns--a meta-analysis.
Melatonin in autism spectrum disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Total zinc intake may modify the glucose-raising effect of a zinc transporter (SLC30A8) variant: a 14-cohort meta-analysis.
Magnesium intake and risk of type 2 diabetes: meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Visfatin in overweight/obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases: a meta-analysis and systemic review.
An analysis of early insulin glargine added to metformin with or without sulfonylurea: impact on glycaemic control and hypoglycaemia.
Glycemic control and pregnancy outcomes in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus using lispro versus regular insulin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
UCP2 -866G/A and Ala55Val, and UCP3 -55C/T polymorphisms in association with type 2 diabetes susceptibility: a meta-analysis study.
Associations between single-nucleotide polymorphisms (+45T>G, +276G>T, -11377C>G, -11391G>A) of adiponectin gene and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Racecadotril for childhood gastroenteritis: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Long-term outcomes of late course accelerated hyper-fractionated radiotherapy for localized esophageal carcinoma in Mainland China: a meta-analysis.
Short-term acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin) use for pain, fever, or colds - gastrointestinal adverse effects: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Occupational exposure to asbestos and ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Electrocardiographic QT interval and mortality: a meta-analysis.
The association between blood pressure and incident Alzheimer disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis confirms achieving pathological complete response after neoadjuvant chemotherapy predicts favourable prognosis for breast cancer patients.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of pancreatic cancer: A meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Dairy consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Proton pump inhibitors therapy and risk of hip fracture: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Which components of heart failure programmes are effective? A systematic review and meta-analysis of the outcomes of structured telephone support or telemonitoring as the primary component of chronic heart failure management in 8323 patients: Abridged Cochrane Review.
Diagnostic performance of ¹⁸F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography in  giant cell arteritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevention of pre-eclampsia with low-dose aspirin or vitamins C and E in women at high or low risk: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized studies comparing misoprostol versus placebo for cervical ripening prior to hysteroscopy.
Single-incision mini-slings versus standard midurethral slings in surgical management of female stress urinary incontinence: a meta-analysis of effectiveness and complications.
Cerebral glucose and lactate consumption during cerebral activation by physical activity in humans.
Questioning the predictive role of carotid intima-media thickness.
Splenic injury due to colonoscopy: nursing considerations.
Prognosis of ovarian clear cell carcinoma compared to other histological subtypes: a meta-analysis.
Injury severity and outcome: a meta-analysis of prospective studies on TBI outcome.
Prognosis in patients with small hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Omega-3 fatty acids and hypertriglyceridemia in HIV-infected subjects on antiretroviral therapy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
No evidence of association of the KLF12 gene with rheumatoid arthritis in Spanish and Dutch cohorts and a meta-analysis of published data.
ACTN3 genotype, athletic status, and life course physical capability: meta-analysis of the published literature and findings from nine studies.
Anxiety and depression in polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Chromosomal mosaicism in human preimplantation embryos: a systematic review.
PCR versus serology for diagnosing Mycoplasma pneumoniae infection: a systematic  review & meta-analysis.
Immunogenicity and safety of pandemic influenza A (H1N1) 2009 vaccine: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of interferon treatment on development and progression of hepatocellular  carcinoma in patients with chronic virus infection: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of associations between polymorphisms in the promoter regions of matrix metalloproteinases and the risk of colorectal cancer.
Effectiveness of psychotropic medications in the maintenance phase of bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Epidemiology of acute otitis media in children of Latin America and the Caribbean: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Attributable mortality of ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Internal versus external fixation for unstable distal radius fractures: an up-to-date meta-analysis.
Percutaneous vertebroplasty versus balloon kyphoplasty for treatment of osteoporotic vertebral compression fracture: a meta-analysis of randomised and non-randomised controlled trials.
Do high flexion posterior stabilised total knee arthroplasty designs increase knee flexion? A meta analysis.
Optimal bearing surfaces for total hip replacement in the young patient: a meta-analysis.
Severity assessment tools to guide ICU admission in community-acquired pneumonia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of tigecycline: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
High-flexion vs conventional prostheses total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
p53 codon 72 polymorphism and recurrent pregnancy loss: a meta-analysis.
The time interval between hCG priming and oocyte retrieval in ART program: a meta-analysis.
Is pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified less stable than autistic disorder? A meta-analysis.
Cognitive behavioral therapy for the treatment of pediatric posttraumatic stress  disorder: a review and meta-analysis.
Psychoeducational rehabilitation for health behavior change in coronary artery disease: a systematic review of controlled trials.
HLA-DRB1 gene polymorphism is associated with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy:  a meta-analysis.
The need for increased utilization of statins after occlusive stroke.
Meta-analysis of Renin-Angiotensin-aldosterone blockade for heart failure in presence of preserved left ventricular function.
Meta-analysis and dose-response metaregression: circulating insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and mortality.
Influence of adipokines and ghrelin on bone mineral density and fracture risk: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stable bone density in HAART-treated individuals with HIV: a meta-analysis.
Phoenix 100 versus Vitek 2 in the identification of gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of congestive heart failure in patients with renal and nonrenal cell carcinoma treated with sunitinib.
Impact of dental implant length on early failure rates: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Evidence grade associating periodontitis to preterm birth and/or low birth weight: I. A systematic review of prospective cohort studies.
Meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies of pediatric bipolar disorder.
Hepatic steatosis in hepatitis B virus infected patients: meta-analysis of risk factors and comparison with hepatitis C infected patients.
Body mass index and outcomes from pancreatic resection: a review and meta-analysis.
Plasma or serum TIMP-1 is a predictor of survival outcomes in colorectal cancer:  a meta-analysis.
Appropriateness of the indication for colonoscopy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cinnamon intake lowers fasting blood glucose: meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of using computed tomography alone to exclude cervical  spine injuries in obtunded or intubated patients: meta-analysis of 14,327 patients with blunt trauma.
Meta-analysis of instrumented posterior interbody fusion versus instrumented posterolateral fusion in the lumbar spine.
Laparoscopic vs open herniorrhaphy in the management of pediatric inguinal hernia: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Neonatal outcomes of assisted and naturally conceived twins: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vacuum-assisted closure therapy for patients with infected sternal wounds: a meta-analysis of current evidence.
A systematic review of interventions to increase the uptake of opiate substitution therapy in injecting drug users.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of candesartan and losartan in the management of essential hypertension.
Association between ACE polymorphism and risk of IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Association of echocardiographic left ventricular structure with the ACE D/I polymorphism: a meta-analysis.
Plating versus intramedullary pin or conservative treatment for midshaft fracture of clavicle: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is there a role for α-blockers in ureteral stent related symptoms? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Patellar resurfacing in total knee arthroplasty for osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of monthly 150 mg oral ibandronate in women with postmenopausal osteoporosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Effectiveness of interventions to improve screening for syphilis in pregnancy: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of arsenic trioxide with or without all-trans retinoic acid for the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Impact on decisions to start or continue medicines of providing information to patients about possible benefits and/or harms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does CYP2C19 inhibition lead to clopidogrel thrombogenicity?
Physical activity and survival after breast cancer diagnosis: meta-analysis of published studies.
Standard chemotherapy is superior to high-dose chemotherapy with autologous stem  cell transplantation on overall survival as the first-line therapy for patients with aggressive non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
The association between XPD Asp312Asn polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis including 16,949 subjects.
Association of genetic variants in CFTR gene, IVS8 c.1210-12T[5_9] and c.1210-35_1210-12GT[8_12], with spermatogenetic failure: case-control study and meta-analysis.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor levels in schizophrenia: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
The association between MLH1 -93 G>A polymorphism of DNA mismatch repair and cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin 1 beta (IL1B) promoter polymorphism and cancer risk: evidence from 47 published studies.
Exercise training in haemodialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cathepsin D gene and the risk of Alzheimer's disease: a population-based study and meta-analysis.
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows: a coordinate-based meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies on the regulation of negative affect.
Surgical management of craniopharyngiomas in children: meta-analysis and comparison of transcranial and transsphenoidal approaches.
Meta-analysis of ACE gene I/D polymorphism and bipolar disorder susceptibility.
Genome-wide analysis of the relationships between DNaseI HS, histone modifications and gene expression reveals distinct modes of chromatin domains.
High consumption of Ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids decrease plasma homocysteine: a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Motivational interviewing to improve weight loss in overweight and/or obese patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Exposure to pesticides and risk of childhood cancer: a meta-analysis of recent epidemiological studies.
[Minimally invasive total hip arthroplasty - trend or state of the art?: A meta-analysis].
Inverting papilloma of the temporal bone: case report and meta-analysis of risk factors.
Mortality and morbidity among infants at high risk for severe respiratory syncytial virus infection receiving prophylaxis with palivizumab: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open orchiopexy for non-palpable undescended testes in children: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of interstitial pneumonia in studies evaluating iodine-131-labeled  lipiodol for hepatocellular carcinoma using exact likelihood approach.
Adverse Drug Events Related to Ziprasidone: A Meta-analysis of Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trials.
Normal walking speed: a descriptive meta-analysis.
Cabergoline versus bromocriptine in the treatment of hyperprolactinemia: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for complications of tissue expansion: a 20-year systematic review and meta-analysis.
A genome-wide meta-analysis of six type 1 diabetes cohorts identifies multiple associated loci.
Factors that influence disease-specific quality of life or health status in patients with COPD: a review and meta-analysis of Pearson correlations.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln and Arg194Trp polymorphisms in prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Convergence of scores on the interview and questionnaire versions of the Eating Disorder Examination: a meta-analytic review.
Discrete emotions predict changes in cognition, judgment, experience, behavior, and physiology: a meta-analysis of experimental emotion elicitations.
The relationship between adult attachment style and therapeutic alliance in individual psychotherapy: a meta-analytic review.
Percutaneous image-guided biopsy of the spleen: systematic review and meta-analysis of the complication rate and diagnostic accuracy.
The effects of physical activity and physical fitness on children's achievement and cognitive outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Computerized lung sound analysis as diagnostic aid for the detection of abnormal  lung sounds: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Advanced life support versus basic life support in the pre-hospital setting: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerance of systemic steroids in sciatica: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of paternal age and schizophrenia risk in male versus female offspring.
Human immunodeficiency virus prevalence is increasing among men who have sex with men in China: findings from a review and meta-analysis.
Effects of acute carbohydrate supplementation on endurance performance: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of fixation versus nonfixation of mesh in laparoscopic total extraperitoneal inguinal hernia repair.
Use of staple-line reinforcement in laparoscopic gastric bypass surgery: a meta-analysis.
Neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a meta-analysis of phase II trials.
Planned ilioinguinal nerve excision for prevention of chronic pain after inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis.
Multifocal versus single vision lenses intervention to slow progression of myopia in school-age children: a meta-analysis.
Validation of the CHADS2 clinical prediction rule to predict ischaemic stroke. A  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety of prothrombin complex concentrates for rapid anticoagulation reversal of  vitamin K antagonists. A meta-analysis.
Seasonal and monthly variability in the incidence of venous thromboembolism. A systematic review and a meta-analysis of the literature.
Comparison of antibiotic regimens for treating louse-borne relapsing fever: a meta-analysis.
Vaginal micronized progesterone and risk of preterm delivery in high-risk twin pregnancies: secondary analysis of a placebo-controlled randomized trial and meta-analysis.
Ultrasound in pregnancy and non-right handedness: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of circulating BDNF concentrations in anorexia nervosa.
The optimal surgical treatment for primary hyperparathyroidism in MEN1 patients:  a systematic review.
[Relationship between serum ferritin levels and susceptibility to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children: a Meta analysis].
[Efficacy of heat and moisture exchangers and heated humidifiers in preventing ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis].
[Primary risk factors of hepatitis C virus infection: a Meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of the efficacy between gemcitabine-alone and gemcitabine-based chemotherapy applied in advanced pancreatic cancer].
The association between systemic glucocorticoid therapy and the risk of infection in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: systematic review and meta-analyses.
Meta-analysis of estrogen response in MCF-7 distinguishes early target genes involved in signaling and cell proliferation from later target genes involved in  cell cycle and DNA repair.
Toward a functional neuroanatomical signature of bipolar disorder: quantitative evidence from the neuroimaging literature.
Reliability of the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression: a meta-analysis over a period of 49 years.
Relevance of breast cancer hormone receptors and other factors to the efficacy of adjuvant tamoxifen: patient-level meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Chocolate consumption and cardiometabolic disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between RUNX3 promoter methylation and gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin A supplements for preventing mortality, illness, and blindness in children aged under 5: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of coinfections in HIV epidemic trajectory and positive prevention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between biologic therapies for chronic plaque psoriasis and cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cardiac resynchronization therapy in patients with minimal heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of global region on outcomes in heart failure β-blocker trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of neurological soft signs in relatives of  people with schizophrenia.
MDM2 SNP309 contributes to tumor susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Dose response between physical activity and risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Smoking before the first pregnancy and the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
The rising relative risk of mortality for singles: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Arg72Pro TP53 polymorphism and cancer susceptibility: a comprehensive meta-analysis of 302 case-control studies.
Improved rejection prophylaxis with an initially intensified dosing regimen of enteric-coated mycophenolate sodium in de novo renal transplant recipients.
Propofol vs traditional sedative agents for endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography: a meta-analysis.
Effect modification by population dietary folate on the association between MTHFR genotype, homocysteine, and stroke risk: a meta-analysis of genetic studies and randomised trials.
Association between polymorphisms in the coagulation factor VII gene and coronary heart disease risk in different ethnicities: a meta-analysis.
Withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids in individuals with COPD--a systematic review and comment on trial methodology.
A systematic review of experimental infections with enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC).
Topical steroid for chronic rhinosinusitis without polyps.
Topical and systemic antifungal therapy for the symptomatic treatment of chronic  rhinosinusitis.
Comparison of chemotherapy including escalated BEACOPP versus chemotherapy including ABVD for patients with early unfavourable or advanced stage Hodgkin lymphoma.
Optimal primary surgical treatment for advanced epithelial ovarian cancer.
Gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonist protocols for pituitary suppression in assisted reproduction.
Brief interventions for heavy alcohol users admitted to general hospital wards.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for preventing meningitis in patients with basilar skull fractures.
Aspirin for in vitro fertilisation.
Cot-nursing versus incubator care for preterm infants.
Noninvasive fetal sex determination using cell-free fetal DNA: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Telehealthcare for asthma: a Cochrane review.
Culprit vessel only versus multivessel and staged percutaneous coronary intervention for multivessel disease in patients presenting with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a pairwise and network meta-analysis.
[Relationship between methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene C677T polymorphism and susceptibility of ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis].
Lamivudine plus adefovir combination therapy versus entecavir monotherapy for lamivudine-resistant chronic hepatitis B: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immunogenicity and safety of inactivated influenza vaccines in primed populations: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Thalidomide for previously untreated elderly patients with multiple myeloma: meta-analysis of 1685 individual patient data from 6 randomized clinical trials.
Diagnostic value of circulating tumor cell detection in bladder and urothelial cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of CYP2C19 variant genotypes on clinical efficacy of antiplatelet treatment with clopidogrel: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of first-generation drug-eluting vs bare-metal stents for coronary chronic total occlusion: effect of length of follow-up on clinical outcome.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials and adjusted observational studies of drug-eluting stents versus coronary artery bypass grafting for unprotected left main coronary artery disease.
Adjusted indirect comparison meta-analysis of prasugrel versus ticagrelor for patients with acute coronary syndromes.
Innegligible musculoskeletal disorders caused by zoledronic acid in adjuvant breast cancer treatment: a meta-analysis.
Combined analysis of three genome-wide association studies on vWF and FVIII plasma levels.
Evidence-based diagnostics: adult septic arthritis.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of wound catheters for post-operative pain management.
Evidence regarding an effect of marine n-3 fatty acids on preterm birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Obesity in total hip arthroplasty--does it really matter? A meta-analysis.
Anxiety in children and adolescents with chronic physical illnesses: a meta-analysis.
Perioperative steroids for minimizing edema and ecchymosis after rhinoplasty: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study identifies a single major locus contributing to survival into old age; the APOE locus revisited.
Meta-analysis: insulin resistance and sustained virological response in hepatitis C.
Green tea intake lowers fasting serum total and LDL cholesterol in adults: a meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials.
High-dose imatinib for newly diagnosed chronic phase chronic myeloid leukemia patients--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reduced dietary salt for the prevention of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (Cochrane review).
Smoking in dialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of mortality  and cardiovascular morbidity.
Isolated aerobic exercise and weight loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of disparities in childhood sexual abuse, parental physical abuse, and peer victimization among sexual minority and sexual nonminority individuals.
The effectiveness of parent-implemented language interventions: a meta-analysis.
Children with diabetes compared to peers: depressed? Distressed? A meta-analytic  review.
Risk for second malignancies in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma survivors: a meta-analysis.
Association of the 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide transformylase gene with response to methotrexate in juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Influence of margins on overall survival after hepatic resection for colorectal metastasis: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative ultrasound-guided needle biopsy of axillary nodes in invasive breast cancer: meta-analysis of its accuracy and utility in staging the axilla.
Meta-analysis of organ damage after conversion from off-pump coronary artery bypass procedures.
Excess significance bias in the literature on brain volume abnormalities.
Serum TIMP-1 predicts survival outcomes of invasive breast carcinoma patients: a  meta-analysis.
Lack of evidence for the efficacy of memantine in mild Alzheimer disease.
Efficacy of fibrates for cardiovascular risk reduction in persons with atherogenic dyslipidemia: a meta-analysis.
Meta analysis of candidate gene variants outside the LPA locus with Lp(a) plasma  levels in 14,500 participants of six White European cohorts.
Risk factors for suicide within a year of discharge from psychiatric hospital: a  systematic meta-analysis.
Apolipoprotein A5 polymorphisms and risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
The risk of preterm birth following treatment for precancerous changes in the cervix: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Novel biomarkers for the prediction of the spontaneous preterm birth phenotype: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Age and the difference between awake ambulatory blood pressure and office blood pressure: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of topical treatments for cutaneous warts: a meta-analysis and pooled analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of soya protein on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of two randomized controlled trials to identify long-term symptoms  after division of the short gastric vessels during Nissen fundoplication.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of laparoscopic Nissen fundoplication with or without division of the short gastric vessels.
Toremifene is an effective and safe alternative to tamoxifen in adjuvant endocrine therapy for breast cancer: results of four randomized trials.
Lack of association between XPG Asp1104His and XPF Arg415Gln polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
The association between IGF1 CA repeat polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Current evidences on XPC polymorphisms and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Maternal depression and early childhood growth in developing countries: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of desflurane and propofol average times and variability in times to extubation and following commands.
Does adjuvant steroid therapy post-Kasai portoenterostomy improve outcome of biliary atresia? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Male circumcision and penile cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of neutropenia or leukopenia as a prognostic factor in patients with malignant disease undergoing chemotherapy.
Three vascular endothelial growth factor polymorphisms (-460C>T, -2578C>A, 1612G>A) with cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 30 case-control studies.
Cardiac resynchronization therapy in patients with mild heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Dosing frequency of unfractionated heparin thromboprophylaxis: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review on randomized controlled clinical trials of acupuncture therapy for neurovascular headache.
Lung cancer risk in painters: a meta-analysis.
A genome-wide association study identifies LIPA as a susceptibility gene for coronary artery disease.
Everolimus-eluting versus sirolimus-eluting stents: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Aromatase inhibitor versus tamoxifen in postmenopausal woman with advanced breast cancer: a literature-based meta-analysis.
Oseltamivir and risk of lower respiratory tract complications in patients with flu symptoms: a meta-analysis of eleven randomized clinical trials.
The personality of pathological gamblers: a meta-analysis.
The effect of mindfulness-based cognitive therapy for prevention of relapse in recurrent major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Factors of PTSD: differential specificity and external correlates.
Measurement of constructs using self-report and behavioral lab tasks: is there overlap in nomothetic span and construct representation for impulsivity?
A meta-analysis of the relation of intolerance of uncertainty to symptoms of generalized anxiety disorder, major depressive disorder, and obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Activity restriction and depression in medical patients and their caregivers: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association of exhaled carbon monoxide on asthma and allergic rhinitis.
The association of Raynaud's syndrome with rheumatoid arthritis--a meta-analysis.
Oral uracil-tegafur plus leucovorin vs fluorouracil bolus plus leucovorin for advanced colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of five randomized controlled trials.
Subglottic secretion drainage for the prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
GLP-1 receptor agonists and HBA1c target of <7% in type 2 diabetes: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
CDH1 -160C>A gene polymorphism is an ethnicity-dependent risk factor for gastric  cancer.
Effects of hippotherapy and therapeutic horseback riding on postural control or balance in children with cerebral palsy: a meta-analysis.
Oral anti-diabetic drugs for the prevention of Type 2 diabetes.
A meta-analysis of the association between pre-eclampsia and childhood-onset Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Genome-wide association and meta-analysis in populations from Starr County, Texas, and Mexico City identify type 2 diabetes susceptibility loci and enrichment for expression quantitative trait loci in top signals.
The diabetic pregnancy and offspring BMI in childhood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study of type 2 diabetes in a sample from Mexico City and a meta-analysis of a Mexican-American sample from Starr County, Texas.
Peginterferon alfa-2a is superior to peginterferon alfa-2b in the treatment of naïve patients with hepatitis C virus infection: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Polymorphisms of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a HuGE systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metabolic and neurological complications of second-generation antipsychotic use in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Review article: Prophylactic metoclopramide for patients receiving intravenous morphine in the emergency setting: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
An association of interleukin-10 gene polymorphisms with Graves' disease in two Chinese populations.
A systematic review/meta-analysis of primary research investigating swine, pork or pork products as a source of zoonotic hepatitis E virus.
Single-agent irinotecan or FOLFIRI as second-line chemotherapy for advanced colorectal cancer; results of a randomised phase II study (DaVINCI) and meta-analysis [corrected].
Blinded independent central review of progression in cancer clinical trials: results from a meta-analysis.
Systematic evaluation of the flexible and rigid annuloplasty ring after mitral valve repair for mitral regurgitation.
Medium-term effects of cardiac rehabilitation in Germany: systematic review and meta-analysis of results from national and international trials.
Effects of cocoa products/dark chocolate on serum lipids: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the therapeutic effects of tumor necrosis factor-α blockers on ulcerative colitis.
What is the most accurate whole-body imaging modality for assessment of local and distant recurrent disease in colorectal cancer? A meta-analysis : imaging for recurrent colorectal cancer.
Atosiban versus betamimetics in the treatment of preterm labour in Italy: clinical and economic importance of side-effects.
Diagnostic value of CT-colonography as compared to colonoscopy in an asymptomatic screening population: a meta-analysis.
Computer-aided detection in breast MRI: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Infant antibiotic use and wheeze and asthma risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical performance of drug-eluting stents with biodegradable polymeric coating: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Cardiac resynchronization therapy for the treatment of sleep apnoea: a meta-analysis.
Oral contraceptives and risk of ovarian and breast cancers in BRCA mutation carriers: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of the ABCD² clinical prediction rule: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical application of oocyte vitrification: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Polycystic ovary syndrome is associated with negatively variable impacts on domains of health-related quality of life: evidence from a meta-analysis.
[Efficacy of antipsychotic augmentation therapy in treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis of double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trials].
Cigarette smoking and Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing the patency of covered and uncovered self-expandable metal stents for palliation of distal malignant bile duct obstruction.
Biomarkers in laryngeal dysplasia: a systematic review.
Diagnostic management strategies for adults and children with minor head injury:  a systematic review and an economic evaluation.
13C-urea breath test for the diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of Helicobacter pylori eradication on gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Prognostic role of diabetes mellitus in hepatocellular carcinoma patients after curative treatments: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin 2 receptor antagonists for liver transplant recipients: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of controlled studies.
Lack of an association between interleukin-6 gene promoter polymorphisms (-174G/C, -572G/C) and ischemic heart disease and/or ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
The role of BLIMP1 and its putative downstream target TFAP2C in germ cell development and germ cell tumours.
Non-linear association between androgen receptor CAG repeat length and risk of male subfertility--a meta-analysis.
Autologous transplantation of blood-derived stem/progenitor cells for ischaemic heart disease.
Overall and KRAS-specific results of combined cetuximab treatment and chemotherapy for metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of selective leukocytapheresis in the treatment of ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
Trends in malnutrition and mortality in Darfur, Sudan, between 2004 and 2008: a meta-analysis of publicly available surveys.
Tumour necrosis factor alpha -308G/A polymorphism and risk of the four most frequent cancers: a meta-analysis.
Association between the MTHFR gene and Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Improvement of aerobic fitness in obese children: a meta-analysis.
North-American Lidcombe Program file audit: replication and meta-analysis.
Interferon-gamma release assays and childhood tuberculosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of midurethral slings in mixed urinary incontinence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Deconstructing pediatric depression trials: an analysis of the effects of expectancy and therapeutic contact.
Pharmacologic treatments for pediatric bipolar disorder: a review and meta-analysis.
The effect of grape seed extract on cardiovascular risk markers: a meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Pulmonary resection for patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the impact of IVF and ICSI on major malformations after adjusting for the effect of subfertility.
Pituitary dysfunction in adult patients after cranial radiotherapy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antidepressants for major depressive disorder and dysthymic disorder in patients  with comorbid alcohol use disorders: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled randomized trials.
Clinical effectiveness of orthodontic miniscrew implants: a meta-analysis.
Smoking and psoriasis: A meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Meta-analysis: circulating adiponectin levels and risk of colorectal cancer and adenoma.
Effect of guided tissue regeneration on the outcome of surgical endodontic treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of outcome after percutaneous endovascular aortic aneurysm repair using different size sheaths or endograft delivery systems.
The polymorphism of catalase T/C codon 389 in exon 9 and vitiligo susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the short- and long-term results of randomized controlled trials that compared laparoscopy-assisted and conventional open surgery for rectal cancer.
Brain activity associated with pain, hyperalgesia and allodynia: an ALE meta-analysis.
Antidepressants for the treatment of depression in neurological disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Teratogenicity of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or receptor blockers.
Atropine in ameliorating the progression of myopia in children with mild to moderate myopia: a meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
Is platelet concentrate advantageous for the surgical treatment of periodontal diseases? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor as a state-marker of mood episodes in bipolar disorders: a systematic review and meta-regression analysis.
A quantitative meta-analysis on cue-induced male sexual arousal.
How well do children who are internationally adopted acquire language? A meta-analysis.
Bilingual language assessment: a meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy.
Neurologic complications after off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting with and  without aortic manipulation: meta-analysis of 11,398 cases from 8 studies.
The value of autofluorescence bronchoscopy combined with white light bronchoscopy compared with white light alone in the diagnosis of intraepithelial neoplasia and invasive lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of combined endarterectomy and proximal balloon angioplasty for tandem disease of the arch vessels and carotid bifurcation.
Height and cancer incidence in the Million Women Study: prospective cohort, and meta-analysis of prospective studies of height and total cancer risk.
Meta-analysis of minimally invasive video-assisted thyroidectomy.
Dexamethasone versus prednisone for induction therapy in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of the effects of radiotherapy and surgery on carcinoma of the middle ear].
NAT2 polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A comparison of autofluorescence bronchoscopy and white light bronchoscopy in detection of lung cancer and preneoplastic lesions: a meta-analysis.
Association of genetic polymorphisms in DNA repair pathway genes with non-small cell lung cancer risk.
Lack of association of interleukin-18 gene promoter -607 A/C polymorphism with susceptibility to autoimmune diseases: a meta-analysis.
The validity and accuracy of clinical diagnostic tests used to detect labral pathology of the hip: a systematic review.
Somatostatin analogues in advanced hepatocellular carcinoma: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The preventive role of higher PEEP in treating severely hypoxemic ARDS.
The polymorphisms of the TNF-α gene in multiple sclerosis?--a meta-analysis.
Associations between vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 gene V279F polymorphisms and coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Influence of follicle-stimulating hormone receptor (FSHR) Ser680Asn polymorphism  on ovarian function and in-vitro fertilization outcome: a meta-analysis.
Balance and falls in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of the effect of exercise and motor training.
Meta-analysis of hemorrhagic complications from ventriculostomy placement by neurosurgeons.
The effect of vitamin-mineral supplementation on CRP and IL-6: a systemic review  and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Obesity is associated with higher risk of intensive care unit admission and death in influenza A (H1N1) patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bariatric surgery: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized trials.
[Current role of minimally invasive total knee arthroplasty. A meta-analysis].
A meta-analysis of the effect of strontium ranelate on the risk of vertebral and  non-vertebral fracture in postmenopausal osteoporosis and the interaction with FRAX(®).
Patterns of pain: meta-analysis of microarray studies of pain.
Diagnostic performance of serum cobalamin tests: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The utility of an interferon gamma release assay for diagnosis of latent tuberculosis infection and disease in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia with uridine diphosphate-glucuronosyltransferase 1A1 gene polymorphisms: meta-analysis.
Perinatal and neonatal risk factors for autism: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of interventions to reduce loneliness.
Association between polymorphisms of CYP2J2 and EPHX2 genes and risk of coronary  artery disease.
Age-related differences in muscle fatigue vary by contraction type: a meta-analysis.
Pervasive sharing of genetic effects in autoimmune disease.
Commercial serological tests for the diagnosis of active pulmonary and extrapulmonary tuberculosis: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
The value of educational messages embedded in a community-based approach to combat dengue Fever: a systematic review and meta regression analysis.
Iron, zinc and copper in the Alzheimer's disease brain: a quantitative meta-analysis. Some insight on the influence of citation bias on scientific opinion.
CYP17 gene polymorphisms and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 38 independent studies.
A Bayes factor meta-analysis of Bem's ESP claim.
Delayed reward discounting and addictive behavior: a meta-analysis.
Tamoxifen added to radiotherapy and surgery for the treatment of ductal carcinoma in situ of the breast: a meta-analysis of 2 randomized trials.
Diagnostic accuracy of clinical pulmonary infection score for ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of TNF-α promoter -308A/G polymorphism and SLE susceptibility in Asian populations.
Lack of association of FcγRIIIb polymorphisms with systemic lupus erythematosus:  a meta-analysis.
Neuropsychiatric syndromes in systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review with meta-analysis of the effect of low-level laser therapy (LLLT) in cancer therapy-induced oral mucositis.
Risk of fractures with inhaled corticosteroids in COPD: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials and observational studies.
Use of statins and recurrence of atrial fibrillation after catheter ablation or electrical cardioversion. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Carotid endarterectomy is superior to carotid angioplasty and stenting for perioperative and long-term results.
Intensity of continuous renal replacement therapy in acute kidney injury in the intensive care unit: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Treatment of Kawasaki disease by different doses of immunoglobulin: a Mata analysis of therapeutic effects].
[CYP1A1 gene and GSTM1 gene polymorphism and the combined effects and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Prevention of platelet transfusion refractoriness and HLA alloimmunization by leukocyte filtered platelet transfusion: a meta analysis].
[Occupational and residential exposure to electric and magnetic field and its relationship on acute myeloid leukemia in adults - A Meta-analysis].
[Complications in total ankle arthroplasty: a meta analysis].
[Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing laparoscopic with open surgery for rectal cancer on oncologic clearance and long-term oncologic outcomes].
[A meta-analysis on efficacy of antifibrinolytic agents during perioperative period in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting treated with antiplatelet agents].
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of asthma in ethnically diverse  North American populations.
Olive oil intake is inversely related to cancer prevalence: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of 13,800 patients and 23,340 controls in 19 observational studies.
Emotional impact of screening: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic fenestration vs open fenestration in patients with congenital hepatic cysts: a meta-analysis.
Effect of intensive glucose lowering treatment on all cause mortality, cardiovascular death, and microvascular events in type 2 diabetes: meta-analysis  of randomised controlled trials.
The predictive ability of pre-operative B-type natriuretic peptide in vascular patients for major adverse cardiac events: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
[A meta-analysis of early percutaneous coronary intervention within 24 hours of thrombolysis in acute ST-elevation myocardial infarction].
Studies of a genetic variant in HK1 in relation to quantitative metabolic traits  and to the prevalence of type 2 diabetes.
GST polymorphisms are associated with hepatocellular carcinoma risk in Chinese population.
Patellar resurfacing in total knee arthroplasty: does design matter? A meta-analysis of 7075 cases.
A pharmacogenomic method for individualized prediction of drug sensitivity.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors on cancer risk.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials of triple versus dual antiplatelet therapy after stent-based percutaneous coronary intervention.
Evaluation of biologic effective dose and schedule of fractionation for preoperative radiotherapy for rectal cancer: meta-analyses and meta-regression.
Human papillomavirus infection and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Hemihepatic versus total hepatic inflow occlusion during hepatectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of vertebroplasty using individual patient data from two randomised placebo controlled trials: meta-analysis.
Increased risk for heart valve disease associated with antiphospholipid antibodies in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: meta-analysis of echocardiographic studies.
Association of CD14 -260 (-159) C>T and asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of multiple microarray datasets reveals a common gene signature of  metastasis in solid tumors.
Glycaemic control in type 1 diabetes during real time continuous glucose monitoring compared with self monitoring of blood glucose: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials using individual patient data.
P16 gene hypermethylation and hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acupuncture or acupressure for pain management in labour.
Hospital at home: home-based end of life care.
Rapid diagnostic tests for diagnosing uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria in endemic countries.
Optical coherence tomography (OCT) for detection of macular oedema in patients with diabetic retinopathy.
Anticonvulsants for tinnitus.
Lifestyle changes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Intra-aortic balloon pump counterpulsation (IABP) for myocardial infarction complicated by cardiogenic shock.
Early versus Delayed Refeeding for Children with Acute Diarrhoea.
Oxytocin versus no treatment or delayed treatment for slow progress in the first  stage of spontaneous labour.
Insulin detemir versus insulin glargine for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Physical interventions to interrupt or reduce the spread of respiratory viruses.
Steroidal contraceptives: effect on bone fractures in women.
Single, double or multiple-injection techniques for axillary brachial plexus block for hand, wrist or forearm surgery in adults.
Antiretrovirals for reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV infection.
Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation for coronary heart disease.
Community interventions for preventing smoking in young people.
Interventions for treating oral lichen planus.
[Diagnostic value of 64-slice spiral computed tomographic angiography in vertebral artery stenosis: a meta-analysis].
Bone marrow-derived stem cells as an adjunctive treatment for acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Repeated antenatal corticosteroid treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Titanium versus non-titanium prostheses in ossiculoplasty: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the clinical factors associated with the suicide of psychiatric in-patients.
A comprehensive meta-analysis of the risk of suicide in eating disorders.
Psychological treatments for depression and anxiety disorders in low- and middle- income countries: a meta-analysis.
Single-drug treatments for chronic hepatitis B: summarising current information by network meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: erythromycin before endoscopy for acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding.
Meta-analysis: the epidemiology of noncardiac chest pain in the community.
Meta-analysis: Coeliac disease and hypertransaminasaemia.
Serum homocysteine and dementia: meta-analysis of eight cohort studies including  8669 participants.
Genetic association of complement receptor 1 polymorphism rs3818361 in Alzheimer's disease.
Aspirin for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients without clinical  cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of nonphysician brief interventions for unhealthy alcohol use: implications for the patient-centered medical home.
Meta-analysis of supplemental treatment for depressive and anxiety disorders in patients being treated for alcohol dependence.
Meta-analysis of cohort and case-control studies of type 2 diabetes mellitus and  risk of atrial fibrillation.
Meta-analysis of obstructive sleep apnea as predictor of atrial fibrillation recurrence after catheter ablation.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of fine-needle aspiration cytology for parotid gland lesions.
Proton pump inhibitors and risk of fracture: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Is high homocysteine level a risk factor for cognitive decline in elderly? A systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression.
Effect of aspirin on mortality in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Exploring DRD4 and its interaction with SLC6A3 as possible risk factors for adult ADHD: a meta-analysis in four European populations.
Outcomes in vascular surgical patients with isolated postoperative troponin leak: a meta-analysis.
Safety of formoterol in adults and children with asthma: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of warming local anesthetics on injection pain.
Efficacy and safety of long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists compared with exenatide twice daily and sitagliptin in type 2 diabetes mellitus:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic association of PRDM1-ATG5 intergenic region and autophagy with systemic lupus erythematosus in a Chinese population.
Does smoking protect against osteoarthritis? Meta-analysis of observational studies.
Laparoscopic anterior versus posterior fundoplication for gastroesophageal reflux disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Does duration of perioperative antibiotic prophylaxis matter in cardiac surgery?  A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations between problems with crying, sleeping and/or feeding in infancy and long-term behavioural outcomes in childhood: a meta-analysis.
Mortality rates in patients with anorexia nervosa and other eating disorders. A meta-analysis of 36 studies.
Structural neuroimaging studies in major depressive disorder. Meta-analysis and comparison with bipolar disorder.
Association between IGF2BP2 rs4402960 polymorphism and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of ERCC1 C118T/C8092A and MDR1 C3435T predict outcome of platinum-based chemotherapies in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Long-term prognostic value of myeloperoxidase on acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
C-Reactive protein and outcomes in acute coronary syndromes: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of beta radiation augmentation for trabeculectomy - results in distinct ethnic groups.
What if we prevent obesity? Risk reduction in knee osteoarthritis estimated through a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Atherosclerosis in systemic sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
C8orf13-BLK is a genetic risk locus for systemic sclerosis and has additive effects with BANK1: results from a large french cohort and meta-analysis.
Deletion of LCE3C and LCE3B is a susceptibility factor for psoriatic arthritis: a study in Spanish and Italian populations and meta-analysis.
Single-row repair versus double-row repair of full-thickness rotator cuff tears.
Replication of the CELSR1 association with ischemic stroke in a Portuguese case-control cohort.
Long-term safety and efficacy of drug-eluting stents in patients with acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Are there progressive brain changes in schizophrenia? A meta-analysis of structural magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Acupuncture for premenstrual syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The impact of diabetes on tuberculosis treatment outcomes: a systematic review.
The efficacy of Phaseolus vulgaris as a weight-loss supplement: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
Long-term psychodynamic psychotherapy in complex mental disorders: update of a meta-analysis.
Efficacies of different external controls for excessive foot pronation: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of intraoperative versus preoperative endoscopic sphincterotomy in patients with gallbladder and suspected common bile  duct stones.
Sex differences in dichotic listening.
Current evidence on the relationship between HRAS1 polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The association between two polymorphisms in the TYMS gene and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Adiposity and the risk of colorectal adenomatous polyps: a meta-analysis.
Does exposure to asbestos cause ovarian cancer? A systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D status and risk of cardiovascular events: lessons learned via systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maintenance therapy with continuous or switch strategy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Excision repair cross complementation group 1 polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
[Long-term results in total knee arthroplasty. A meta-analysis of revision rates  and functional outcome].
F-18 FDG PET for evaluation of bone marrow involvement in non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of habit reversal therapy for tics, habit disorders, and stuttering: a meta-analytic review.
The metacognitive beliefs account of hallucinatory experiences: a literature review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of treatments for perinatal depression.
The emotional Stroop task and posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
Building child trauma theory from longitudinal studies: a meta-analysis.
Facial exercise therapy for facial palsy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term outcome after sirolimus-eluting stents versus bare metal stents in patients with diabetes mellitus: a patient-level meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Moxibustion for rheumatic conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Distinct effects of anti-tumor necrosis factor combined therapy on TH1/TH2 balance in rheumatoid arthritis patients.
Vitamin E and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis.
Stereoselectivity of human cytochrome p450 in metabolic and inhibitory activities.
Can morphine still be considered to be the standard for treating chronic pain? A  systematic review including pair-wise and network meta-analyses.
A systematic review of tacrolimus ointment compared with corticosteroids in the treatment of atopic dermatitis.
GSTM1 null allele is a risk factor for gastric cancer development in Asians.
Relative effects of CBT and pharmacotherapy in depression versus anxiety: is medication somewhat better for depression, and CBT somewhat better for anxiety?
Developmental change in the relation between simple and complex spans: a meta-analysis.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors and HbA1c target of <7% in type 2 diabetes: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Variants of ADRA2A are associated with fasting glucose, blood pressure, body mass index and type 2 diabetes risk: meta-analysis of four prospective studies.
Relapse rate following azathioprine withdrawal in maintaining remission for Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopic versus open resection for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Does computer-aided clinical decision support improve the management of acute abdominal pain? A systematic review.
Significantly increased risk of cancer in patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical comparability of the new antiepileptic drugs in refractory partial epilepsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body mass index and risk of multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Meta-analysis of prospective studies of red meat consumption and colorectal cancer.
Meta and pooled analyses of FGFR4 Gly388Arg polymorphism as a cancer prognostic factor.
Radial artery versus saphenous vein conduits for coronary artery bypass surgery:  forty years of competition--which conduit offers better patency? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glucose-insulin-potassium therapy in adult patients undergoing cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
How useful is it clinically to analyse the K-ras mutational status for the diagnosis of exocrine pancreatic cancer? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers decrease the incidence of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Consumption of industrial and ruminant trans fatty acids and risk of coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Revascularization among patients with severe left ventricular dysfunction: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Cytokine gene polymorphisms in multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis of 45 studies  including 7379 cases and 8131 controls.
Evaluation of the long-term effects of photorefractive keratectomy correction for myopia in China.
Sodium bicarbonate for the prevention of contrast induced nephropathy: a meta-analysis of published clinical trials.
Percutaneous versus surgical closure of secundum atrial septal defects: a systematic review and meta-analysis of currently available clinical evidence.
Adherence to highly active antiretroviral therapy in Spain. A meta-analysis.
Nonlinear reduction in risk for colorectal cancer by fruit and vegetable intake based on meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Consumption of large amounts of Allium vegetables reduces risk for gastric cancer in a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of heterogeneous data sources for genome-scale identification of risk genes in complex phenotypes.
Detection of Epstein-Barr virus DNA in serum or plasma for nasopharyngeal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Value of fluorescence endoscopy for the early diagnosis of laryngeal cancer and its precursor lesions.
Diagnostic accuracy of the ID Migraine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevention of atrial fibrillation with omega-3 fatty acids: a meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
Pulmonary vein isolation with complex fractionated atrial electrogram ablation for paroxysmal and nonparoxysmal atrial fibrillation: A meta-analysis.
Outcomes of cardiac resynchronization therapy in patients with versus those without atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Billroth I vs. Billroth II vs. Roux-en-Y following distal gastrectomy: a meta-analysis based on 15 studies.
Comparative effectiveness of efavirenz, protease inhibitors, and raltegravir-based regimens as first-line treatment for HIV-infected adults: a mixed treatment comparison.
Human leukocyte antigen class II and type 1 diabetes in Latin America: a combined meta-analysis of association and family-based studies.
Alternatives to the grandmother hypothesis: a meta-analysis of the association between grandparental and grandchild survival in patrilineal populations.
Preimplantation genetic screening: a systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs.
Assisted hatching of human embryos: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is aspirin effective in women undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF)? Results from an individual patient data meta-analysis (IPD MA).
PCOS, coronary heart disease, stroke and the influence of obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of influenza vaccination among nurses and ancillary workers in Italy:  systematic review and meta analysis.
Using Gaussian-process regression for meta-analytic neuroimaging inference based  on sparse observations.
Community based newborn care: a systematic review and metaanalysis of evidence: UNICEF-PHFI series on newborn and child health, India.
A meta-analysis of topical amphotericin B for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis.
Twelve-month clinical outcomes of everolimus-eluting stent as compared to paclitaxel- and sirolimus-eluting stent in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions. A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Diagnostic accuracy of first generation dual-source computed tomography in the assessment of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis from 24 studies.
The impact of hypnotic suggestibility in clinical care settings.
Cetuximab and panitumumab in KRAS wild-type colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Hypertension is a potential risk factor for vascular dementia: systematic review.
Meta-analysis of non-tumour doses for radiation-induced cancer on the basis of dose-rate.
Ultrasonography of optic nerve sheath diameter for detection of raised intracranial pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Shenmai injection for chronic pulmonary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Self-referral in medical imaging: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: do clinical trials testing antimuscarinic agents for overactive bladder adequately measure central nervous system adverse events?
Validity of observer ratings of the five-factor model of personality traits: a meta-analysis.
The influence of family history and histological stratification on breast cancer  risk in women with benign breast disease: a meta-analysis.
IL-8-251A>T polymorphism is associated with breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
18F-FDG PET or PET-CT to evaluate prognosis for head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Approach to the catheter ablation technique of paroxysmal and persistent atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of the randomized controlled trials.
Lower incidence of cerebral infarction correlates with improved functional outcome after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Vitamin D and cardiovascular outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of statins on progression of coronary artery disease as measured by intravascular ultrasound.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between homocysteine, vitamin B₁₂, folate, and  multiple sclerosis.
Can we really accelerate and enhance the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressant effect? A randomized clinical trial and a meta-analysis of pindolol in nonresistant depression.
People--things and data--ideas: bipolar dimensions?
Culturally adapted psychotherapy and the legitimacy of myth: a direct-comparison  meta-analysis.
Efficacy of continuous glucose monitoring in improving glycemic control and reducing hypoglycemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Impact of the quality of coronal restoration versus the quality of root canal fillings on success of root canal treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of hand-assisted laparoscopy versus open and laparoscopic techniques in urology procedures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of biliary reconstruction techniques in orthotopic deceased donor liver transplantation.
Blood pressure lowering effect of lactotripeptides assumed as functional foods: a meta-analysis of current available clinical trials.
Sex difference in blood pressure among South Asian diaspora in Europe and North America and the role of BMI: a meta-analysis.
Peripheral edema associated with calcium channel blockers: incidence and withdrawal rate--a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Effects of intensive blood pressure reduction on myocardial infarction and stroke in diabetes: a meta-analysis in 73,913 patients.
Measles vaccination in HIV-infected children: systematic review and meta-analysis of safety and immunogenicity.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of interventions to prevent hepatitis C virus infection in people who inject drugs.
Diagnostic value of whole-body magnetic resonance imaging for bone metastases: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
A role for XRCC2 gene polymorphisms in breast cancer risk and survival.
Immunizations and risk of multiple sclerosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intravenous thrombolysis in acute ischaemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis to aid decision making in patients over 80 years of age.
Intensive insulin therapy in brain injury: a meta-analysis.
An integrated review of developmental outcomes and late-preterm birth.
On the costs and benefits of emotional labor: a meta-analysis of three decades of research.
Analgesic efficacy of intravenous naloxone for the treatment of postoperative pruritus: a meta-analysis.
Tonsillectomy in children with periodic fever with aphthous stomatitis, pharyngitis, and adenitis syndrome.
What is more important for national well-being: money or autonomy? A meta-analysis of well-being, burnout, and anxiety across 63 societies.
Meta-analysis of clinical outcomes comparing surface ablation for correction of myopia with and without 0.02% mitomycin C.
Educational strategies to reduce serum phosphorus in hyperphosphatemic patients with chronic kidney disease: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Combined antiviral therapy of hepatitis C virus in dialysis patients: meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Early versus traditional postoperative feeding in patients undergoing resectional gastrointestinal surgery: a meta-analysis.
An intergenic region on chromosome 13q33.3 is associated with the susceptibility  to kidney disease in type 1 and 2 diabetes.
Lower estimated GFR and higher albuminuria are associated with adverse kidney outcomes. A collaborative meta-analysis of general and high-risk population cohorts.
Tourniquet use in total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of unruptured intracranial aneurysms, with emphasis on sex, age, comorbidity, country, and time period: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Survival after neoadjuvant chemotherapy or chemoradiotherapy for resectable oesophageal carcinoma: an updated meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials examining tinnitus management.
XRCC1 genetic polymorphism Arg399Gln and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Patients' satisfaction with male versus female physicians: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the survival of short implants.
Preventing Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia and sepsis in patients with Staphylococcus aureus colonization of intravascular catheters: a retrospective multicenter study and meta-analysis.
The role of fluconazole in the treatment of Candida endocarditis: a meta-analysis.
Risk of surgical delivery to deep nuclei: a meta-analysis.
p73 G4C14-A4T14 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 27 case-control studies.
P21 codon 31 polymorphism associated with cancer among white people: evidence from a meta-analysis involving 78,074 subjects.
Handedness in preterm born children: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of over-the-counter nicotine replacement therapy: a qualitative review of nonrandomized trials.
Micronutrient supplementation for critically ill adults: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Changing diet and physical activity to reduce gestational weight gain: a meta-analysis.
Interventions promoting physical activity among obese populations: a meta-analysis considering global effect, long-term maintenance, physical activity indicators and dose characteristics.
Review and meta-analysis of the short-term effects of a vegetable oil emulsion on food intake.
Birth weight and subsequent risk of obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of catechin rich teas and caffeine on energy expenditure and fat oxidation: a meta-analysis.
Cervical length screening with ultrasound-indicated cerclage compared with history-indicated cerclage for prevention of preterm birth: a meta-analysis.
The magnitude of the association between hepatitis C virus infection and oral lichen planus: meta-analysis and case control study.
A breast cancer meta-analysis of two expression measures of chromosomal instability reveals a relationship with younger age at diagnosis and high risk histopathological variables.
(18)FDG-PET/CT for detecting distant metastases and second primary cancers in patients with head and neck cancer. A meta-analysis.
Perioperative antibiotic prophylaxis in orthognathic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Occupational risk factors for osteoarthritis of the knee: a meta-analysis.
Genetic susceptibility to renal scar formation after urinary tract infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of candidate gene polymorphisms.
A meta-analysis of interventions that target children's screen time for reduction.
Acute Tc-99m DMSA scan for identifying dilating vesicoureteral reflux in children: a meta-analysis.
Breastfeeding and reduced risk of sudden infant death syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of peptic ulcer disease incidence rates: do studies without validation provide reliable estimates?
Antipsychotics and venous thromboembolism risk: a meta-analysis.
Estimating creatinine clearance: a meta-analysis.
Genetic loci associated with plasma phospholipid n-3 fatty acids: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from the CHARGE Consortium.
Long-acting insulin analogue detemir compared with NPH insulin in type 1 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: Serum vitamin D and colorectal adenoma risk.
Primary school interventions to promote fruit and vegetable consumption: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of the LDL-cholesterol lowering efficacy of plant stanols and plant  sterols over a continuous dose range: results of a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Why do lie-catchers fail? A lens model meta-analysis of human lie judgments.
Are leader stereotypes masculine? A meta-analysis of three research paradigms.
Reward, punishment, and cooperation: a meta-analysis.
Revisiting the affect regulation model of binge eating: a meta-analysis of studies using ecological momentary assessment.
The bystander-effect: a meta-analytic review on bystander intervention in dangerous and non-dangerous emergencies.
Voxel-based meta-analysis of regional white-matter volume differences in autism spectrum disorder versus healthy controls.
P300 deficits in adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a meta-analysis.
Probing the relative contribution of the first and second responses to sensory gating indices: a meta-analysis.
Ischaemic and bleeding complications with new, compared to standard, ADP-antagonist regimens in acute coronary syndromes: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of second cancer risk after radiotherapy among childhood cancer survivors.
Ductal carcinoma in situ at core-needle biopsy: meta-analysis of underestimation  and predictors of invasive breast cancer.
Meta-analysis of chemotherapy in head and neck cancer (MACH-NC): a comprehensive  analysis by tumour site.
Hypoxic modification of radiotherapy in squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of letrozole versus clomiphene citrate in polycystic ovary syndrome.
Is another meta-analysis on the effects of intramural fibroids on reproductive outcomes needed?
Lack of association between the P2X7 receptor A1513C polymorphism and susceptibility to pulmonary tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
[Efficiency of acute geriatric units: a meta-analysis of controlled studies].
A Bayesian evidence synthesis for estimating campylobacteriosis prevalence.
A meta-analysis on Rituximab combined CHOP chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin lymphoma  in China.
Erythromycin prior to endoscopy in acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding: a meta-analysis.
Association between lymphotoxin-α intron +252 polymorphism and sepsis: a meta-analysis.
How prevalent are anxiety disorders in schizophrenia? A meta-analysis and critical review on a significant association.
Psychotic disorders and repeat offending: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low dose vs standard dose of antipsychotics for relapse prevention in schizophrenia: meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies of the corpus callosum in schizophrenia.
Work-related critical incidents in hospital-based health care providers and the risk of post-traumatic stress symptoms, anxiety, and depression: a meta-analysis.
Techniques of lumbar-sacral spine fusion in spondylosis: systematic literature review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Minimally invasive oesophagectomy: current status and future direction.
The association between antiphospholipid antibodies and placenta mediated complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of citronella preparations in preventing mosquito bites: systematic review of controlled laboratory experimental studies.
Transcatheter arterial chemoembolization in combination with high-intensity focused ultrasound for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the chinese literature.
Cervical length measurement for the prediction of preterm birth in multiple pregnancies: a systematic review and bivariate meta-analysis.
Development of a transparent interactive decision interrogator to facilitate the  decision-making process in health care.
Outcome after open repair of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm in patients>80 years old: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Noncontact low-frequency ultrasound therapy in the treatment of chronic wounds: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of surgical techniques for preventing Frey syndrome and a concave  facial deformity after parotidectomy].
[The correlation between uric acid and the incidence and prognosis of kidney diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies].
[Goal-directed fluid management prevents gastrointestinal complications in abdominal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
Individual patient data meta-analysis of randomized trials evaluating IL-2 monotherapy as remission maintenance therapy in acute myeloid leukemia.
Effectiveness of E-self-help interventions for curbing adult problem drinking: a  meta-analysis.
Measurement of GSTP1 promoter methylation in body fluids may complement PSA screening: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic influence of tumour-infiltrating lymphocytes in cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Should chronic hepatitis B mothers breastfeed? a meta analysis.
Prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia, mortality and all intensive care unit acquired infections by topically applied antimicrobial or antiseptic agents: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in intensive care units.
Haemodynamic goal-directed therapy and postoperative infections: earlier is better. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Changes in diet and lifestyle and long-term weight gain in women and men.
Does prolonged β-lactam infusions improve clinical outcomes compared to intermittent infusions? A meta-analysis and systematic review of randomized, controlled trials.
Behavioural interventions for weight management in pregnancy: a systematic review of quantitative and qualitative data.
Proactive telephone counseling for smoking cessation: meta-analyses by recruitment channel and methodological quality.
Risk of incident diabetes with intensive-dose compared with moderate-dose statin  therapy: a meta-analysis.
Effect of amifostine on survival among patients treated with radiotherapy: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials on the association of prophylactic acyclovir and HIV-1 viral load in individuals coinfected with herpes simplex virus-2.
A systematic review of the clinical effectiveness of 64-slice or higher computed  tomography angiography as an alternative to invasive coronary angiography in the  investigation of suspected coronary artery disease.
Meta-analysis of multiple primary prevention trials of cardiovascular events using aspirin.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between complement component 3 and age-related macular degeneration: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Translational approaches to frontostriatal dysfunction in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder using a computerized neuropsychological  battery.
Efficacy of aerobic exercise and a prudent diet for improving selected lipids and lipoproteins in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of hypnosis/guided imagery in fibromyalgia syndrome--a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials.
Oncologic outcomes of open conservation laryngectomy for radiorecurrent laryngeal carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of English-language literature.
Absence of MMP2 expression correlates with poor clinical outcomes in rectal cancer, and is distinct from MMP1-related outcomes in colon cancer.
Male circumcision for prevention of homosexual acquisition of HIV in men.
Anticoagulation for the long-term treatment of venous thromboembolism in patients with cancer.
Anticoagulation for the initial treatment of venous thromboembolism in patients with cancer.
Hands-on therapy interventions for upper limb motor dysfunction following stroke.
Symptomatic oxygen for non-hypoxaemic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Repeat doses of prenatal corticosteroids for women at risk of preterm birth for improving neonatal health outcomes.
Cardioprotective interventions for cancer patients receiving anthracyclines.
Adjuvant progestagens for endometrial cancer.
Genome-wide meta-analysis for severe diabetic retinopathy.
The MYH9/APOL1 region and chronic kidney disease in European-Americans.
Common genetic variants associated with open-angle glaucoma.
Association of 5-HTT gene polymorphisms with migraine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Television viewing and risk of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis.
Different functions in the cingulate cortex, a meta-analytic connectivity modeling study.
Physiotherapy rehabilitation post first lumbar discectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review with meta-analysis of the epidemiological evidence relating smoking to COPD, chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
Mortality associated with tiotropium mist inhaler in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised  controlled trials.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of the long-term predictive value of assessment of coronary atherosclerosis by contrast-enhanced coronary computed tomography angiography.
[A meta-analysis of tubeless versus standard percutaneous nephrostolithotomy].
Influence of noninvasive cardiovascular imaging in primary prevention: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Stopping smoking shortly before surgery and postoperative complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Quetiapine for the treatment of behavioural and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD): a meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled trials.
Peginterferon alpha-based therapy for chronic hepatitis B focusing on HBsAg clearance or seroconversion: a meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
FTO gene polymorphisms and obesity risk: a meta-analysis.
Levosimendan and mortality after coronary revascularisation: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Association between time to initiation of adjuvant chemotherapy and survival in colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between Parkinson disease and melanoma.
[Effect of conservative fluid management strategy on the outcomes in patients with acute lung injury: a meta-analysis].
[Effectiveness of biological treatments based on ACR70 response in rheumatoid arthritis: indirect comparison and meta-regression using Bayes-model].
Interference with work in fibromyalgia: effect of treatment with pregabalin and relation to pain response.
Systematic review and meta-analysis comparing land and aquatic exercise for people with hip or knee arthritis on function, mobility and other health outcomes.
Does simulation-based medical education with deliberate practice yield better results than traditional clinical education? A meta-analytic comparative review of the evidence.
A meta-analysis of patients with chronic hepatitis C treated with interferon-alpha to determine the risk of autoimmune thyroiditis.
How accurate are maternal symptoms in predicting impending complications in women with preeclampsia? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG for abdominal pain-related functional gastrointestinal disorders in childhood.
Neointimal hyperplasia inhibition effect of angiotensin II type 1 receptor blockers in patients after coronary stent implantation: a meta-analysis.
Habitual coffee consumption and risk of hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective observational studies.
Novel genetic variation in exon 28 of FBN1 gene is associated with essential hypertension.
Proton pump inhibitors and risk of fractures: a meta-analysis of 11 international studies.
Association of CHRNA4 polymorphisms with smoking behavior in two populations.
Interpersonal psychotherapy for depression: a meta-analysis.
Risk of window period hepatitis-C infection in high infectious risk donors: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of window period HIV infection in high infectious risk donors: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transanal endoscopic microsurgery for T1 and T2 rectal cancers: a meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis of outcomes.
Inhaled nitric oxide for acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury in adults and children: a systematic review with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the use of preemptive hemodynamic intervention to improve postoperative outcomes in moderate and high-risk surgical patients.
Genome-wide association studies of cerebral white matter lesion burden: the CHARGE consortium.
The efficacy of HER2-targeted agents in metastatic breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of intralesional versus wide resection for  intramedullary grade I chondrosarcoma of the extremities.
Meta-analysis of therapeutic procedures for acquired subglottic stenosis in adults.
Cannabis use and earlier onset of psychosis: a systematic meta-analysis.
Chorionic villus sampling and the risk of preeclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the comparison of clinical results between vaginal and laparoscopic myomectomy.
Modern technology-assisted vs conventional tonsillectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Modified constraint-induced movement therapy versus traditional rehabilitation in patients with upper-extremity dysfunction after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of design and effects of splints and exercise programs in hand  osteoarthritis.
Emotional, physical, and sexual abuse in fibromyalgia syndrome: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor therapy and the risk of serious infection and malignancy in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
In vitro and intraoperative laxities after single-bundle and double-bundle anterior cruciate ligament reconstructions.
Early adverse perinatal complications in preterm growth-restricted fetuses.
Relationship between HLA-DRB1 polymorphism and susceptibility or resistance to multiple sclerosis in Caucasians: a meta-analysis of non-family-based studies.
Meta-analysis of neuropsychological functioning in euthymic bipolar disorder: an  update and investigation of moderator variables.
What can we really tell women with multiple sclerosis regarding pregnancy? A systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Telecare is a valuable tool for hypertension management, a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Predicting streptococcal pharyngitis in adults in primary care: a systematic review of the diagnostic accuracy of symptoms and signs and validation of the Centor score.
Single-dose intravenous paracetamol or propacetamol for prevention or treatment of postoperative pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Revascularisation and mortality rates following acute coronary syndromes in people with severe mental illness: comparative meta-analysis.
Return to sport following anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the state of play.
Characteristics of people with recurrent ankle sprains: a systematic review with  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of neoadjuvant treatment modalities and definitive non-surgical therapy for oesophageal squamous cell cancer.
Different brain structures related to self- and external-agency attribution: a brief review and meta-analysis.
Current evidence on the relationship between four polymorphisms in the matrix metalloproteinases (MMP) gene and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Maternal multiple micronutrient supplementation and pregnancy outcomes in developing countries: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Use of procalcitonin for the detection of sepsis in the critically ill burn patient: a systematic review of the literature.
Diabetes mellitus and increased risk of biliary tract cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of telomere length and cancer: a meta-analysis.
LIN28B polymorphisms influence susceptibility to epithelial ovarian cancer.
Risk of cardiac dysfunction with trastuzumab in breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acid for sudden cardiac death prevention in patients with cardiovascular disease: a contemporary meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Prognostic value of cardiac troponin-I or troponin-T elevation following nonemergent percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Migraine, migraine aura, and cervical artery dissection: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Flexible pressure delivery modification of continuous positive airway pressure for obstructive sleep apnea does not improve compliance with therapy: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Heterosexual risk of HIV infection in China: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety of pacemaker reuse: a meta-analysis with implications for underserved nations.
Drug-eluting stents vs. intracoronary brachytherapy for in-stent restenosis: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of trimetazidine in angina pectoris by echocardiography and radionuclide angiography: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Diagnostic value of pro-gastrin-releasing peptide for small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of dermatological toxicities associated with sorafenib.
Use of capsule endoscopy in diagnosis and management of pediatric patients, based on meta-analysis.
Fluorine-18 deoxyglucose positron emission tomography, magnetic resonance imaging and bone scintigraphy for the diagnosis of bone metastases in patients with lung  cancer: which one is the best?--a meta-analysis.
Endoscopic versus microscopic trans-sphenoidal pituitary surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neuropsychological basic deficits in preschoolers at risk for ADHD: a meta-analysis.
Relation of the alliance with outcomes in youth psychotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Effects of early prevention programs on adult criminal offending: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of cognitive-behavioral therapy for tinnitus distress.
Multikinase inhibitors in metastatic renal cell carcinoma: indirect comparison meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing antibacterial therapy with placebo in Crohn's disease.
Identifying novel prostate cancer associated pathways based on integrative microarray data analysis.
The effect of antipyretic medications on mortality in critically ill patients with infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of cytochrome P450 2D6 and variants in terms of drug oxidation rates and substrate inhibition.
Comparative efficacy of the addition of ezetimibe to statin vs statin titration in patients with hypercholesterolaemia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of oral bisphosphonates for preventing hip fracture in disabled patients with neurological diseases: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials among the Japanese population.
An FTO variant is associated with Type 2 diabetes in South Asian populations after accounting for body mass index and waist circumference.
Association of genetic Loci with glucose levels in childhood and adolescence: a meta-analysis of over 6,000 children.
Efficacy and safety comparison of rapid-acting insulin aspart and regular human insulin in the treatment of type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Haemoglobin A1c levels and subsequent cardiovascular disease in persons without diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohorts.
Methane on breath testing is associated with constipation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Survival after anatomic resection versus nonanatomic resection for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
The E-cadherin (CDH1) -160C>A polymorphism associated with gastric cancer among Asians but not Europeans.
High definition colonoscopy vs. standard video endoscopy for the detection of colonic polyps: a meta-analysis.
Global trends and diversity in pentachlorophenol levels in the environment and in humans: a meta-analysis.
Hemorrhage rate after coblation tonsillectomy: a meta-analysis of published trials.
Functional study of TNF-α promoter polymorphisms: literature review and meta-analysis.
Intensive statin therapy compared with moderate dosing for prevention of cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis of >40 000 patients.
Sleep duration predicts cardiovascular outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Risk of high-grade bleeding in patients with cancer treated with bevacizumab: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The relative efficacy of adenosine versus verapamil for the treatment of stable paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia in adults: a meta-analysis.
Multiple independent variants in 6q21-22 associated with susceptibility to celiac disease in the Dutch, Finnish and Hungarian populations.
Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques for chronic pain. A report of a Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pedicle screw insertion accuracy with different assisted methods: a systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 polymorphism and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 33 studies.
The effect of supplemental vitamins and minerals on the development of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do all antihypertensive drugs improve carotid intima-media thickness? A network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Bowel preparation with split-dose polyethylene glycol before colonoscopy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
EUS for the staging of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
[Mycophenolate mofetil as a novel treatment for lupus nephritis].
Quantifying the added value of BNP in suspected heart failure in general practice: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Surgical management of aortic root disease in Marfan syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endogenous testosterone and cardiovascular disease in healthy men: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the influence of I148M variant of patatin-like phospholipase domain containing 3 gene (PNPLA3) on the susceptibility and histological severity of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
MDM2 SNP309 is associated with endometrial cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Contribution of the IBD5 locus to inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Combined admixture mapping and association analysis identifies a novel blood pressure genetic locus on 5p13: contributions from the CARe consortium.
Antisperm antibodies are not associated with pregnancy rates after IVF and ICSI:  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between proton pump inhibitors and spontaneous bacterial peritonitis  in cirrhotic patients - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis and systematic review of prophylactic endoscopic treatments for postpolypectomy bleeding.
Avoiding bias from weak instruments in Mendelian randomization studies.
Type 2 diabetes incidence and socio-economic position: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Birthweight and mortality in adulthood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Household coal use and lung cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control studies, with an emphasis on geographic variation.
Intelligence in youth and all-cause-mortality: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Periodontal treatment during pregnancy and birth outcomes: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Effectiveness of educational interventions to raise men's awareness of bladder and bowel health.
The prevalence of mild cognitive impairment about elderly population in China: a  meta-analysis.
Rehabilitation in neuro-oncology: a meta-analysis of published data and a mono-institutional experience.
Human papillomavirus 16 or 18 infection and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Optimal duration of combined psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy for patients with  moderate and severe depression: a meta-analysis.
Importance of hedgehog interacting protein and other lung function genes in asthma.
The risk of infection and malignancy with tumor necrosis factor antagonists in adults with psoriatic disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Probiotics for prevention of antibiotic-associated diarrhea and Clostridium difficile-associated disease in hospitalized adults--a meta-analysis.
Dementia medications and risk of falls, syncope, and related adverse events: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Ribavirin for patients with Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of impact of selective digestive decontamination on Pseudomonas aeruginosa ventilator-associated pneumonia: benchmarking the evidence base.
A meta-analysis of anxiety symptom prevention with cognitive-behavioral interventions.
Mobile-bearing total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between VEGF-634 G>C and risk of malignancy based on 23 case-control studies.
The effect of exemestane and tamoxifen on bone health within the Tamoxifen Exemestane Adjuvant Multinational (TEAM) trial: a meta-analysis of the US, German, Netherlands, and Belgium sub-studies.
A literature-based meta-analysis taxane-based doublet versus single-agent taxane  chemotherapy in patients with advanced breast cancer.
The TNF-α, IL-1B and IL-10 polymorphisms and risk for hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
ERCC2 Lys751Gln and Asp312Asn polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of recurrent atrial fibrillation with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Effect of pharmaceutical treatment on vasospasm, delayed cerebral ischemia, and clinical outcome in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Duration of chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Gray matter deficits in panic disorder: a pilot study of meta-analysis.
Treating generalized anxiety disorder with second generation antipsychotics: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Determinants of multiple semantic priming: a meta-analysis and spike frequency adaptive model of a cortical network.
Efficacy and safety of adalimumab in Crohn's disease: meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
A two-dimensional approach to relationship conflict: meta-analytic findings.
Predictors of hepatic encephalopathy after transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt in cirrhotic patients: a systematic review.
Intraoperative mitomycin C for nonpenetrating glaucoma surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-based association of the lipoprotein lipase gene S447X variant with hypertension and blood pressure variation.
Aortic stiffness is reduced beyond blood pressure lowering by short-term and long-term antihypertensive treatment: a meta-analysis of individual data in 294 patients.
Topical antifungal agents for seborrheic dermatitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hearing function and thresholds: a genome-wide association study in European isolated populations identifies new loci and pathways.
Meta-analysis of randomized intra-arterial thrombolytic trials for the treatment  of acute stroke due to middle cerebral artery occlusion.
Rate of familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Utility of stool sample-based tests for the diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection in children.
Relative kidney hyperfiltration in primary aldosteronism: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of aliskiren and angiotension receptor blockers in the management of essential hypertension.
Ethnic differences in survival outcome in patients with advanced stage non-small  cell lung cancer: results of a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of the angiotensin type 1 receptor gene A1166C polymorphisms with myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Residual vein obstruction to predict the risk of recurrent venous thromboembolism in patients with deep vein thrombosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of tai chi on lower-limb myodynamia in the elderly people: a meta-analysis.
The safety-influencing factors in use of the tonics of Chinese medicine: a meta-analysis based on the case reports in periodicals.
Early and late outcomes of percutaneous treatment of TransAtlantic Inter-Society  Consensus class C and D aorto-iliac lesions.
Effectiveness of mammography screening in reducing breast cancer mortality in women aged 39-49 years: a meta-analysis.
Lower estimated glomerular filtration rate and higher albuminuria are associated  with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. A collaborative meta-analysis of high-risk population cohorts.
Lower estimated glomerular filtration rate and higher albuminuria are associated  with mortality and end-stage renal disease. A collaborative meta-analysis of kidney disease population cohorts.
Is patellar resurfacing superior than nonresurfacing in total knee arthroplasty?  A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Operative versus non-operative management of patellar dislocation. A meta-analysis.
Sentinel-lymph-node procedure in colon and rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomised trials comparing thiopurines in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Lack of association between the TGF-β(1) gene and development of COPD in Asians:  a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Cetuximab-based therapy is effective in chemotherapy-naïve patients with advanced and metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
No evidence of an association of ERCC1 and ERCC2 polymorphisms with clinical outcomes of platinum-based chemotherapies in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Golimumab and malignancies: true or false association?
Lack of significant association between TGF-β1-590C/T polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The Short Stay Unit as a new option for hospitals: a review of the scientific literature.
Vaccine therapy for metastatic melanoma: systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Genetic diversity of the apolipoprotein E gene and diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Complement factor H Y402H gene polymorphism and coronary heart disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Should treatment for Parkinson's disease start immediately on diagnosis or delayed until functional disability develops?
Meta-analysis of 123I-MIBG cardiac scintigraphy for the diagnosis of Lewy body-related disorders.
-308 G > A of TNF-α gene promoter decreases the risk of multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Exercise to prevent falls in older adults: an updated meta-analysis and best practice recommendations.
An economic evaluation of community and residential aged care falls prevention strategies in NSW.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies common variants associated with blood pressure variation in east Asians.
A meta-analysis of the clinical remission rate and long-term efficacy of tonsillectomy in patients with IgA nephropathy.
Locally-administered intrathecal thrombolytics following aneurysmal subarachnoid  hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rostral premotor cortex as a gateway between motor and cognitive networks.
The natural history of intracranial cavernous malformations.
SLC30A8 polymorphism and type 2 diabetes risk: evidence from 27 study groups.
Efficacy of calcium supplementation for management of overweight and obesity: systematic review of randomized clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of leukaemia risk from protracted exposure to low-dose gamma radiation.
Comparison of fibrin glue versus suture for conjunctival autografting in pterygium surgery: a meta-analysis.
Therapeutic trajectory following intra-articular hyaluronic acid injection in knee osteoarthritis--meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular effects of calcium supplementation.
The influence of prosthesis diameter in stapes surgery: a meta-analysis and systematic review of the literature.
Dexamethasone and tonsillectomy bleeding: a meta-analysis.
Ketamine for perioperative pain management in children: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Dopamine agonists in animal models of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of Th2 pathway genetic variants and risk for allergic rhinitis.
Laparoscopic versus open inguinal herniotomy in infants and children: a meta-analysis.
The effect of CYP3A5 polymorphism on dose-adjusted cyclosporine concentration in  renal transplant recipients: a meta-analysis.
Cytochrome P450 2C19*2 polymorphism and cardiovascular recurrences in patients taking clopidogrel: a meta-analysis.
Virginal mammary hypertrophy: a meta-analysis and treatment algorithm.
A two-stage meta-analysis identifies several new loci for Parkinson's disease.
Genetic determinants of lipid traits in diverse populations from the population architecture using genomics and epidemiology (PAGE) study.
Genome-wide association of bipolar disorder suggests an enrichment of replicable  associations in regions near genes.
Genome-wide association study of white blood cell count in 16,388 African Americans: the continental origins and genetic epidemiology network (COGENT).
Cardiac complications in patients with community-acquired pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Adhesio interthalamica alterations in schizophrenia spectrum disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
IL-10 polymorphisms and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Executive functioning-related brain abnormalities associated with the genetic liability for schizophrenia: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Depressed mood and flow-mediated dilation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of androgen supplementation or modulation on ovarian stimulation outcome in poor responders: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: diagnostic value of serum anti-mutated citrullinated vimentin antibodies in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Comparison of the efficacy of sonography, magnetic resonance imaging and conventional radiography for the detection of bone erosions in rheumatoid arthritis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta analysis of the prevalence of spinal pain among dentists.
No association between the PCM1 gene and schizophrenia: a multi-center case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of dropout rates in randomized controlled clinical trials: opioid analgesia for osteoarthritis pain.
Injection of botulinum toxin for treatment of chronic lateral epicondylitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
[The relationships between the single nueleotide polymorphisms of CACNA1S gene 11 exon and thyrotoxic hypokalemic periodic paralysis in the people of Han Nationality in Sichuan Province, China].
Outcomes of operative and nonoperative treatment of multiligament knee injuries:  an evidence-based review.
Effectiveness of postoperative radiotherapy in patients with small oral and oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma and concomitant ipsilateral singular cervical lymph node metastasis (pN1) : A meta-analysis.
Does impaired cerebrovascular reactivity predict stroke risk in asymptomatic carotid stenosis? A prospective substudy of the asymptomatic carotid emboli study.
Efficacy of palonosetron (PAL) compared to other serotonin inhibitors (5-HT3R) in preventing chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV) in patients receiving  moderately or highly emetogenic (MoHE) treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Optimization of sympathectomy to treat palmar hyperhidrosis: the systematic review and meta-analysis of studies published during the past decade.
Review: Minimally invasive versus conventional dynamic hip screw fixation in elderly patients with intertrochanteric fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the used surgical techniques to reduce leg lymphedema following radical inguinal nodes dissection.
Enhanced recovery pathways optimize health outcomes and resource utilization: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in colorectal surgery.
Diagnostic value of contrast-enhanced ultrasound, computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging for focal liver lesions: a meta-analysis.
Tubeless percutaneous nephrolithotomy is associated with less pain and shorter hospitalization compared with standard or small bore drainage: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of osteoporotic fracture risk with medication nonadherence.
[Meta-analysis of proximal gastrectomy and total gastrectomy for cancer of cardia and fundus].
[Meta-analysis of studies on mortality of early surgery vs. delayed surgery for patients with femoral neck fractures].
[Literature analysis of schistosomiasis control in Poyang Lake region].
[Meta-analysis of the risk factors for coronary artery lesion secondary to Kawasaki disease in Chinese children].
[Association of gr/gr deletion in the AZFc region of Y chromosome with male infertility: a meta-analysis].
[A meta analysis of tumor necrosis factor alpha blockers therapy for ulcerative colitis].
[A meta-analysis for the efficacy and safety of tourniquet in total knee arthroplasty].
[Coronary artery disease diagnosis with 64-slice spiral CT coronary artery angiography in China and abroad: a meta analysis].
[Meta-analysis of fibrin glue for attaching conjunctival autografts in pterygium  surgery].
[A meta-analysis of susceptibility to pneumoconiosis and polymorphism of tumor necrosis factor-α 308 and 238 locus].
The occupational risk of Helicobacter pylori infection among gastroenterologists  and their assistants.
Meta-analysis of microarray data using a pathway-based approach identifies a 37-gene expression signature for systemic lupus erythematosus in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Mindfulness based cognitive therapy for psychiatric disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MDM2 SNP309, gene-gene interaction, and tumor susceptibility: an updated meta-analysis.
Patient discomfort associated with the use of intra-arterial iodinated contrast media: a meta-analysis of comparative randomized controlled trials.
Psychological treatment of depressive symptoms in Chinese elderly inpatients with significant medical comorbidity: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of influenza resistance to the neuraminidase inhibitors.
HIV infection and sexual risk behaviour among youth who have experienced orphanhood: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of antihyperglycemic agents added to metformin and a sulfonylurea on glycemic control and weight gain in type 2 diabetes: a network meta-analysis.
Are networks for residual language function and recovery consistent across aphasic patients?
[Efficacy and safety of glucocorticoids in addition to intravenous immunoglobulin in the initial treatment of Kawasaki disease: a meta-analysis of randomized trials].
Should we consider Dupuytren's contracture as work-related? A review and meta-analysis of an old debate.
Tissue biomarkers for prognosis in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sequence variants at CYP1A1-CYP1A2 and AHR associate with coffee consumption.
XPD Lys751Gln polymorphism and esophageal cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving  2288 cases and 4096 controls.
Random-effects model aimed at discovering associations in meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
A comparison of clinical officers with medical doctors on outcomes of caesarean section in the developing world: meta-analysis of controlled studies.
What zinc supplementation does and does not achieve in diarrhea prevention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Magnitude of risks and benefits of the addition of bevacizumab to chemotherapy for advanced breast cancer patients: Meta-regression analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of heterogeneous Down Syndrome data reveals consistent genome-wide  dosage effects related to neurological processes.
Intravesical Bacillus Calmette-Guérin versus epirubicin for Ta and T1 bladder cancer.
Exercise for vasomotor menopausal symptoms.
Pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy (pp Whipple) versus pancreaticoduodenectomy (classic Whipple) for surgical treatment of periampullary and pancreatic carcinoma.
Prophylactic corticosteroids for cardiopulmonary bypass in adults.
Short versus long duration infusions of paclitaxel for any advanced adenocarcinoma.
Interventions targeted at women to encourage the uptake of cervical screening.
Umbilical vein injection for management of retained placenta.
Association of adiponectin SNP+45 and SNP+276 with type 2 diabetes in Han Chinese populations: a meta-analysis of 26 case-control studies.
Relationship between TNF-<alpha> gene promoter polymorphisms and outcomes of hepatitis B virus infections: a meta-analysis.
Role of test motivation in intelligence testing.
Association between thyroid autoantibodies and miscarriage and preterm birth: meta-analysis of evidence.
LRRK2 Pro755Leu variant in ethnic Chinese population with Parkinson's disease.
Specific HLA-DQB1 alleles associated with risk for development of hepatocellular  carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Network meta-analysis of survival data with fractional polynomials.
Huangqi injection (a traditional Chinese patent medicine) for chronic heart failure: a systematic review.
Physical activity advice only or structured exercise training and association with HbA1c levels in type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin use and outcome after intracerebral hemorrhage: case-control study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of road safety campaigns on accidents.
The effects of electronic stability control (ESC) on crashes--an update.
Gefitinib versus docetaxel in previously treated advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Treatment completion in psychotherapy for borderline personality disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Randomized comparative study of group versus individual cognitive behavioural therapy for obsessive compulsive disorder.
Interventions for addressing low balance confidence in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prospective linkages between peer victimization and externalizing problems in children: a meta-analysis.
Incremental value of CT venography combined with pulmonary CT angiography for the detection of thromboembolic disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the efficacy of anti-viral therapy in prevention of recurrence after curative treatment of chronic hepatitis B-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Meta-analysis: the significance of screening for JAK2V617F mutation in Budd-Chiari syndrome and portal venous system thrombosis.
Impact of mometasone furoate nasal spray on individual ocular symptoms of allergic rhinitis: a meta-analysis.
Erythropoietin as a treatment of anemia in heart failure: systematic review of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of multivessel coronary artery revascularization versus culprit-only revascularization in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction and multivessel disease.
Effects of soy intake on glycemic control: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Age and size at maturity in women: a norm of reaction?
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, angiotensin II receptor blockers and diabetes: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Aliskiren vs. angiotensin receptor blockers in hypertension: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of cognitive remediation for schizophrenia: methodology and effect sizes.
Malignant eccrine spiradenoma: a meta-analysis of reported cases.
Comparison of low molecular weight heparin with unfractionated heparin during percutaneous coronary interventions: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials on daily sedation interruption for  critically ill adult patients.
Intensity of continuous renal replacement therapies in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Prophylaxis of nausea and vomiting in the postoperative phase: relative effectiveness of droperidol and metoclopramide].
The predictive value of preoperative natriuretic peptide concentrations in adults undergoing surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of acid-suppressive drugs and risk of fracture: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Associations between asymmetry and human attractiveness: Possible direct effects  of asymmetry and signatures of publication bias.
Independent and joint effects of the MAPT and SNCA genes in Parkinson disease.
Rituximab-associated hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation in lymphoproliferative  diseases: meta-analysis and examination of FDA safety reports.
Efficacy of communication skills training courses in oncology: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Increased local recurrence and reduced survival from colorectal cancer following  anastomotic leak: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of D1 versus D2 gastrectomy for gastric adenocarcinoma.
The serotonin transporter promoter variant (5-HTTLPR), stress, and depression meta-analysis revisited: evidence of genetic moderation.
Prognosis of acute idiopathic neck pain is poor: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do miniaturized extracorporeal circuits confer significant clinical benefit without compromising safety? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors effect on endothelial dysfunction: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis and meta-regression of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity in functional somatic disorders.
Intravaginal misoprostol versus Foley catheter for labour induction: a meta-analysis.
Season of birth and anorexia nervosa.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of survival following extracorporeal liver support.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of growth rates of small abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Meta-analysis of postoperative mortality after elective repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms detected by screening.
Dairy consumption and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Radiotherapy and breast reconstruction: a meta-analysis.
Tumor characteristics as predictors of local recurrence after treatment of ductal carcinoma in situ: a meta-analysis.
Poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase-1 mRNA expression in human breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
The meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Meta-analysis of aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 gene polymorphism and Alzheimer's disease in East Asians.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials on first line and adjunctive levetiracetam.
Relationship between height at diagnosis and bone tumours in young people: a meta-analysis.
Addressing the incremental benefit of histamine dihydrochloride when added to interleukin-2 in treating acute myeloid leukemia: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Circulating levels of vitamin D and colon and rectal cancer: the Physicians' Health Study and a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of radiotherapy in various head and neck cancers: comparing photons, carbon-ions and protons.
Assessing evidence of interaction between smoking and warfarin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Linezolid vs glycopeptide antibiotics for the treatment of suspected methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus nosocomial pneumonia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A global perspective on child sexual abuse: meta-analysis of prevalence around the world.
Diagnostic value of tumor marker pro-gastrin-releasing peptide in patients with small cell lung cancer: a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B as markers of cardiovascular risk.
A meta-analysis of neuropsychological outcome after mild traumatic brain injury:  re-analyses and reconsiderations of Binder et al. (1997), Frencham et al. (2005), and Pertab et al. (2009).
Alcohol ingestion and colorectal neoplasia: a meta-analysis based on a Mendelian  randomization approach.
Allergens responsible for allergic contact dermatitis among children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship of catheter-associated urinary tract infection to mortality and length of stay in critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of observational studies.
The ACE insertion/deletion polymorphism and risk of cancer, a review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Diagnostic value of postprandial triglyceride testing in healthy subjects: a meta-analysis.
FTO, type 2 diabetes, and weight gain throughout adult life: a meta-analysis of 41,504 subjects from the Scandinavian HUNT, MDC, and MPP studies.
Diabetic retinopathy predicts all-cause mortality and cardiovascular events in both type 1 and 2 diabetes: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Effects of exercise on cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
How are adherent people more likely to think? A meta-analysis of health beliefs and diabetes self-care.
Predictors of response to dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors: evidence from randomized clinical trials.
Pharmacotherapy for overweight/obesity in ethnic minorities and White Caucasians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of pharmacist intervention on glycemic control in diabetes.
Diabetes mellitus and incidence of kidney cancer: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Pre-transplant kidney function predicts chronic kidney disease after liver transplant: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Mild renal impairment and the efficacy and safety of liraglutide.
Esophageal stents for benign refractory strictures: a meta-analysis.
Ambient air pollution and risk of congenital anomalies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tobacco smoking and esophageal and gastric cardia adenocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Carbonic anhydrase-9 expression in head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Haematologic toxicities associated with the addition of bevacizumab in cancer patients.
Lack of association of IL-10 gene polymorphisms with prostate cancer: evidence from 11,581 subjects.
Polymorphisms and pancreatic cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Epidemiological studies of the association between tea drinking and primary liver cancer: a meta-analysis.
Does stentless aortic valve implantation increase perioperative risk? A critical  appraisal of the literature and risk of bias analysis.
A large-scale association analysis of 68 thyroid hormone pathway genes with serum TSH and FT4 levels.
A meta-analysis of the associations between common variation in the PDE8B gene and thyroid hormone parameters, including assessment of longitudinal stability of associations over time and effect of thyroid hormone replacement.
Lymphatic sparing versus lymphatic non-sparing laparoscopic varicocelectomy in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the relationship between hospital/surgeon volume and outcome for radical cystectomy: an update for the ongoing debate.
A meta-analysis of microarray-based gene expression studies of olfactory bulb-derived olfactory ensheathing cells.
Is MRCP equivalent to ERCP for diagnosing biliary obstruction in orthotopic liver transplant recipients? A meta-analysis.
Prevalence of depressive symptoms in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary  disease: a systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Prognostic association of depression following myocardial infarction with mortality and cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis of 25 years of research.
Copy number variation in the dosage-sensitive 16p11.2 interval accounts for only  a small proportion of autism incidence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: Circulating vitamin D and ovarian cancer risk.
Meta-analysis of long-term outcomes of drug-eluting stent implantations for chronic total coronary occlusions.
Coronary artery bypass grafting with and without manipulation of the ascending aorta--a meta-analysis.
Influence of preoperative transarterial chemoembolization on the prognosis for patients with resectable hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized  trials.
Incidence of primary sclerosing cholangitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Short- and long-term outcomes after laparoscopic and open hepatic resection: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of single base-pair substitutions in translational termination codons ('nonstop' mutations) that cause human inherited disease.
Chlamydia antibody testing and diagnosing tubal pathology in subfertile women: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Are patient characteristics associated with the accuracy of hysterosalpingography in diagnosing tubal pathology? An individual patient data meta-analysis.
Association of hypertension drug target genes with blood pressure and hypertension in 86,588 individuals.
Immunotherapy: The meta-analyses. What have we Learned?
A meta-analysis of sexual dysfunction in psychiatric patients taking antipsychotics.
Efficacy of statin pretreatment for the prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Relationship of baseline HbA1c, HbA1c change and HbA1c target of < 7% with insulin analogues in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of studies comparing the effectiveness of three cognitive screening tests in the detection of dementia populations.
Structured analyses of interventions to prevent delirium.
The influence of ApoE4 on clinical progression of dementia: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-10 polymorphisms and tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Cognitive function and risk for depression in old age: a meta-analysis of published literature.
Chinese herbal medicine and clomiphene citrate for anovulation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review of randomized controlled trials for pemphigus vulgaris and pemphigus foliaceus.
The pulpal anesthetic efficacy of articaine versus lidocaine in dentistry: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of macrolides in cystic fibrosis patients: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Relationships of role stressors with organizational citizenship behavior: a meta-analysis.
Does human capital matter? A meta-analysis of the relationship between human capital and firm performance.
Cross-linked versus conventional polyethylene for total hip replacement: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Prognostic role of systemic inflammatory response in renal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A qualitative meta-analysis of heart failure self-care practices among individuals with multiple comorbid conditions.
Systematizing Inpatient Referral to Cardiac Rehabilitation 2010: Canadian association of cardiac rehabilitation and Canadian cardiovascular society joint position paper.
Impact of depression treatment on mental and physical health-related quality of life of cardiac patients: a meta-analysis.
Capnography enhances surveillance of respiratory events during procedural sedation: a meta-analysis.
Place of cabergoline in acromegaly: a meta-analysis.
Acupuncture for treating temporomandibular joint disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, sham-controlled trials.
Cochrane reviews on the benefits/risks of fluoride toothpastes.
Laparoscopic versus open pyeloplasty for ureteropelvic junction obstruction in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Double balloon enteroscopy and capsule endoscopy for obscure gastrointestinal bleeding: an updated meta-analysis.
Hand-sewn versus stapled oesophago-gastric anastomosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Composite likelihood-based meta-analysis of breast cancer association studies.
Meta-analysis confirms the LCE3C_LCE3B deletion as a risk factor for psoriasis in several ethnic groups and finds interaction with HLA-Cw6.
The role of prophylactic antibiotics in laparoscopic cholecystectomy in preventing postoperative infection: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the RTI literature for children at risk for reading disabilities.
A synthesis of read-aloud interventions on early reading outcomes among preschool through third graders at risk for reading difficulties.
Efficacy of interferon-based antiviral therapy in patients with chronic hepatitis C infected with genotype 5: a meta-analysis of two large prospective clinical trials.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist in laparoscopic myomectomy: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Posttraumatic stress disorder in peacekeepers: a meta-analysis.
Stereotactic radiosurgery: a meta-analysis of current therapeutic applications in neuro-oncologic disease.
A meta-analysis of tumor control rates and treatment-related morbidity for patients with glomus jugulare tumors.
Carbohydrate ingestion during endurance exercise improves performance in adults.
Effectiveness of knowledge translation interventions to improve cancer pain management.
Language abilities in children who were very preterm and/or very low birth weight: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between children's physical activity and mental health.
Depressive symptoms in children and adolescents with chronic physical illness: an updated meta-analysis.
Effects of platelet-rich plasma on sinus bone graft: meta-analysis.
Effects on prolongation of Bazett's corrected QT interval of seven second-generation antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Pediatric refractive surgery and its role in the treatment of amblyopia: meta-analysis of the peer-reviewed literature.
Systematic review of home physiotherapy after hip fracture surgery.
Short- and long-term mortality associated with new-onset atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Drug-eluting stents versus coronary artery bypass grafting for the treatment of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized studies.
Thalassemia trait and arterial thromboembolic events: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of the literature.
Efficacy and safety of anticoagulants in the prevention of venous thromboembolism in patients with acute cerebral hemorrhage: a meta-analysis of controlled studies.
Pelvic lymph node dissection is associated with symptomatic venous thromboembolism risk during laparoscopic radical prostatectomy.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the treatments of varicose veins.
Value of T-tube in biliary tract reconstruction during orthotopic liver transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Coronary atherosclerosis imaging by coronary CT angiography: current status, correlation with intravascular interrogation and meta-analysis.
The influence of graft choice on isokinetic muscle strength 4-24 months after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.
Genetic variants associated with breast-cancer risk: comprehensive research synopsis, meta-analysis, and epidemiological evidence.
Recurrent laryngeal nerve monitoring versus identification alone on post-thyroidectomy true vocal fold palsy: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of three age determination X-ray methods on the left hand-wrist: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variation of the ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 and susceptibility to coronary heart disease.
The effect of CYP1A1 polymorphisms on the risk of lung cancer: a global meta-analysis based on 71 case-control studies.
Meta-analysis of three polymorphisms in the steroid-5-alpha-reductase, alpha polypeptide 2 gene (SRD5A2) and risk of prostate cancer.
[Association of CCR5, CCR2 and SDF1 gene polymorphisms with HIV-1 infection in Chinese population: a meta-analysis].
Common variants at MS4A4/MS4A6E, CD2AP, CD33 and EPHA1 are associated with late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Encoding strategy accounts for individual differences in change detection measures of VSTM.
Meta-analysis of facial affect recognition difficulties after traumatic brain injury.
Expanded endonasal endoscopic resection of anterior fossa meningiomas: report of  13 cases and meta-analysis of the literature.
Relationship between noise annoyance from road traffic noise and cardiovascular diseases: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of topiramate on weight loss: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Body mass index in midlife and late-life as a risk factor for dementia: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Nutritively sweetened beverage consumption and body weight: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized experiments.
Perinatal outcomes in women with subchorionic hematoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Water disinfection by-products and bladder cancer: is there a European specificity? A pooled and meta-analysis of European case-control studies.
A meta-analysis of the randomized controlled trials on elective neck dissection versus therapeutic neck dissection in oral cavity cancers with clinically node-negative neck.
Outcome measures in placebo-controlled trials of osteoarthritis: responsiveness to treatment effects in the REPORT database.
Responsiveness and reliability of MRI in knee osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis of  published evidence.
Does birthweight predict bone mass in adulthood? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between neighbourhoods and adverse birth outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of multi-level studies.
Minimum efficacy criteria for comparisons between treatments using individual patient meta-analysis of acute pain trials: examples of etoricoxib, paracetamol,  ibuprofen, and ibuprofen/paracetamol combinations after third molar extraction.
Effects of strength training on motor performance skills in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of rufinamide in drug-resistant epilepsy: a meta-analysis.
Changes in dispositional empathy in American college students over time: a meta-analysis.
Association of ABCB1 gene polymorphisms and their haplotypes with response to antiepileptic drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is there a risk of bleeding associated with standardized Ginkgo biloba extract therapy? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recovery of physical functioning after total hip arthroplasty: systematic review  and meta-analysis of the literature.
Threshold haemoglobin levels and the prognosis of stable coronary disease: two new cohorts and a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analyses of adverse effects data derived from randomised controlled trials as compared to observational studies: methodological overview.
A meta-analysis of self-regulated learning in work-related training and educational attainment: what we know and where we need to go.
The effects of risk-glorifying media exposure on risk-positive cognitions, emotions, and behaviors: a meta-analytic review.
A meta-analysis of the risk for psychotic disorders among first- and second-generation immigrants.
Second-generation antidepressants in social anxiety disorder: meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
Colorectal cancer: CT colonography and colonoscopy for detection--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gemcitabine in the chemoradiotherapy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Self-injurious behavior in people with profound intellectual disabilities: a meta-analysis of single-case studies.
Higher PEEP in patients with acute lung injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transcutaneous electrical stimulation for pain relief during labor: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Preventing the second episode: a systematic review and meta-analysis of psychosocial and pharmacological trials in first-episode psychosis.
Homicide of strangers by people with a psychotic illness.
A meta-analysis of 18FDG-PET, MRI and bone scintigraphy for diagnosis of bone metastases in patients with breast cancer.
Outcomes after spine surgery among racial/ethnic minorities: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Virtual reality in stroke rehabilitation: a meta-analysis and implications for clinicians.
Risk and cumulative risk of stroke recurrence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin treatment and functional outcome after ischemic stroke: case-control and meta-analysis.
A review and meta-analysis of the association between C-reactive protein and age-related macular degeneration.
Long-term use of thiazolidinediones and the associated risk of pneumonia or lower respiratory tract infection: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha G-308A gene polymorphism and coronary heart disease susceptibility: an updated meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the randomized controlled trials of the hemostatic efficacy and  capacity of pathogen-reduced platelets.
Meta-analysis on the association of TIRAP S180L variant and tuberculosis susceptibility.
Meta-analysis of high-throughput datasets reveals cellular responses following hemorrhagic fever virus infection.
[Efficacy and safety of rh-endostatin combined with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone for advanced NSCLC: a meta-analysis review].
[Granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor for the treatment of sepsis: a meta analysis].
[Systematic review of autologous hemopoietic stem cell transplantation for peripheral arterial disease].
Causal assessment of dietary acid load and bone disease: a systematic review & meta-analysis applying Hill's epidemiologic criteria for causality.
Comparative linkage meta-analysis reveals regionally-distinct, disparate genetic  architectures: application to bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.
The methodology for developing a prospective meta-analysis in the family planning community.
Varied pathways of stage IA lung adenocarcinomas discovered by integrated gene expression analysis.
Hysterectomy, endometrial ablation, and levonorgestrel releasing intrauterine system (Mirena) for treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding: cost effectiveness analysis.
Angiotensin receptor blockers and risk of myocardial infarction: meta-analyses and trial sequential analyses of 147 020 patients from randomised trials.
Breast, ovarian, and endometrial malignancies in systemic lupus erythematosus: a  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of immunohistochemical prognostic markers in resected pancreatic cancer.
First-line matched related donor hematopoietic stem cell transplantation compared to immunosuppressive therapy in acquired severe aplastic anemia.
ABO blood group and the risk of placental malaria in sub-Saharan Africa.
Instrumental variable meta-analysis of individual patient data: application to adjust for treatment non-compliance.
Complement factor B polymorphism 32W protects against age-related macular degeneration.
The PLIN4 variant rs8887 modulates obesity related phenotypes in humans through creation of a novel miR-522 seed site.
Dendritic cell based tumor vaccination in prostate and renal cell cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Calcium supplements with or without vitamin D and risk of cardiovascular events:  reanalysis of the Women's Health Initiative limited access dataset and meta-analysis.
Mortality associated with atrial fibrillation in patients with myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical benefit of statin pretreatment in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a collaborative patient-level meta-analysis of 13 randomized studies.
Meta-analysis: impact of drug class on adherence to antihypertensives.
Effects of treatment on exercise tolerance, cardiac function, and mortality in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction. A meta-analysis.
Major risk factors for stillbirth in high-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of usefulness of d-dimer to diagnose acute aortic dissection.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 (GSTM1) and glutathione S-transferase T1 (GSTT1) null polymorphisms, smoking, and their interaction in oral cancer: a HuGE review  and meta-analysis.
Cyclin-G-associated kinase modifies α-synuclein expression levels and toxicity in Parkinson's disease: results from the GenePD Study.
Application of the β-expectation tolerance interval to method validation of the M30 and M65 ELISA cell death biomarker assays.
The -1082G/A polymorphism in IL-10 gene is associated with risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Association between alcohol consumption and cancers in the Chinese population--a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polyethylene glycol vs. sodium phosphate for bowel preparation: a treatment arm meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of providing skilled birth attendance and emergency obstetric care in  preventing stillbirths.
Elective induction for pregnancies at or beyond 41 weeks of gestation and its impact on stillbirths: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of interventions to screen and manage infections during pregnancy on reducing stillbirths: a review.
Impact of maternal education about complementary feeding and provision of complementary foods on child growth in developing countries.
Effect of preventive zinc supplementation on linear growth in children under 5 years of age in developing countries: a meta-analysis of studies for input to the lives saved tool.
Role of calcium supplementation during pregnancy in reducing risk of developing gestational hypertensive disorders: a meta-analysis of studies from developing countries.
Effect of balanced protein energy supplementation during pregnancy on birth outcomes.
Effect of case management on neonatal mortality due to sepsis and pneumonia.
Neonatal resuscitation and immediate newborn assessment and stimulation for the prevention of neonatal deaths: a systematic review, meta-analysis and Delphi estimation of mortality effect.
The impact of user fees on access to health services in low- and middle-income countries.
Workplace interventions for neck pain in workers.
Medical interventions for high grade vulval intraepithelial neoplasia.
Routine vitamin A supplementation for the prevention of blindness due to measles  infection in children.
Anticoagulation for the initial treatment of venous thromboembolism in patients with cancer.
Strategies to improve adherence and acceptability of hormonal methods of contraception.
Competitions and incentives for smoking cessation.
Hyperbaric oxygen for carbon monoxide poisoning.
Support surfaces for pressure ulcer prevention.
Interventions for preventing oral mucositis for patients with cancer receiving treatment.
Risk of infection in patients with lymphoma receiving rituximab: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Steroids in the treatment of IgA nephropathy to the improvement of renal survival: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of proton pump inhibitors for the treatment of asthma in adults: a meta-analysis.
Lymphatic mapping and sentinel lymph node biopsy in patients with melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence and trend of hepatitis C virus infection among blood donors in Chinese mainland: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of TNF 308 G/A polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Identification of SERPINA1 as single marker for papillary thyroid carcinoma through microarray meta analysis and quantification of its discriminatory power in independent validation.
Steroids and bronchodilators for acute bronchiolitis in the first two years of life: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antidepressants and breast and ovarian cancer risk: a review of the literature and researchers' financial associations with industry.
Meta-analysis: effect of patient self-testing and self-management of long-term anticoagulation on major clinical outcomes.
A meta-analysis of the effects of exercise training on left ventricular remodeling following myocardial infarction: start early and go longer for greatest exercise benefits on remodeling.
An analysis of single nucleotide polymorphisms of 125 DNA repair genes in the Texas genome-wide association study of lung cancer with a replication for the XRCC4 SNPs.
A systematic review of duloxetine and venlafaxine in major depression, including  unpublished data.
Cognitive intervention for persons with mild cognitive impairment: A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: long-term therapy with rifaximin in the management of uncomplicated diverticular disease.
Meta-analysis: the impact of diabetes mellitus on the immunological response to hepatitis B virus vaccine in dialysis patients.
Staphylococci and staphylococcal superantigens in asthma and rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Atopy and current intestinal parasite infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in patients with depression and coronary heart disease.
Obesity-susceptibility loci have a limited influence on birth weight: a meta-analysis of up to 28,219 individuals.
Efficacy of 5-aminosalicylates in Crohn's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of 5-aminosalicylates in ulcerative colitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antibiotic therapy in inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of immunosuppressive therapy for inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of biological therapies in inflammatory bowel disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glucocorticosteroid therapy in inflammatory bowel disease: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
The prognostic power of the NOD2 genotype for complicated Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Plasma exchange for renal vasculitis and idiopathic rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis: a meta-analysis.
Interventions to increase physical activity among healthy adults: meta-analysis of outcomes.
Prognostic value of troponin and creatine kinase muscle and brain isoenzyme measurement after noncardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of anti-viral therapy on hepatitis B virus-associated glomerulonephritis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive control and right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex: reflexive reorienting, motor inhibition, and action updating.
Diagnosing cerebral aneurysms by computed tomographic angiography: meta-analysis.
Gastric atrophy and risk of oesophageal cancer and gastric cardia adenocarcinoma--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Multivitamin supplement use and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopic total (Nissen) versus posterior (Toupet) fundoplication for gastro-oesophageal reflux disease based on randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of gray matter abnormalities in autism spectrum disorder: should Asperger disorder be subsumed under a broader umbrella of autistic spectrum disorder?
Periodontal disease and perinatal outcomes.
Meta-analysis of MMP2 -1306T allele as a protective factor in digestive cancer.
Association between CTLA-4 exon-1 +49A>G polymorphism and primary biliary cirrhosis risk: a meta-analysis.
Screening for presence or absence of diabetic retinopathy: a meta-analysis.
Restless legs syndrome and multiple sclerosis: a Brazilian multicenter study and  meta-analysis of the literature.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: anti-tumor necrosis factor α therapy and cardiovascular events in rheumatoid arthritis.
Cardiovascular profile in ankylosing spondylitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Local wisdom and health promotion: barrier or catalyst?
Associations of the ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 R219K polymorphism with HDL-C level and coronary artery disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of sublingual versus vaginal misoprostol for second-trimester pregnancy termination: a meta-analysis.
Metformin is a reasonable first-line treatment option for non-obese women with infertility related to anovulatory polycystic ovary syndrome--a meta-analysis of  randomised trials.
ENPP1/PC-1 gene K121Q polymorphism is associated with obesity in European adult populations: evidence from a meta-analysis involving 24,324 subjects.
Neonatal outcomes of twins according to birth order, presentation and mode of delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: risk of fractures with acid-suppressing medication.
Efficacy of pregabalin in acute postoperative pain: a meta-analysis.
Use of L'Abbé and pooled calibration plots to assess the relationship between severity of illness and effectiveness in studies of corticosteroids for severe sepsis.
No major role for glutathione S-transferase gene polymorphisms in sensitization to para-phenylenediamine and other xenobiotics: a study of association and a meta-analysis.
Frequencies of BRAF and NRAS mutations are different in histological types and sites of origin of cutaneous melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the volume-outcome relationship in pancreatic surgery.
Accuracy of magnetic resonance in suspicious breast lesions: a systematic quantitative review and meta-analysis.
Dietary glycemic index, glycemic load, and risk of breast cancer: meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Polymorphisms of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 1 rs889312 polymorphism and breast cancer risk: evidence from 59,977 subjects.
Human papillomavirus infection and sporadic breast carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
RAD51 135G>C does not modify breast cancer risk in non-BRCA1/2 mutation carriers: evidence from a meta-analysis of 12 studies.
Body mass index, prostate cancer-specific mortality, and biochemical recurrence:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aspirin effect on the incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events in patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nocebo is the enemy, not placebo. A meta-analysis of reported side effects after  placebo treatment in headaches.
Effects of water-pipe smoking on lung function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between p21 Ser31Arg polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Acupuncture for treating attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Citation analysis of meta-analysis articles on posttraumatic stress disorder.
Additional ablation of complex fractionated atrial electrograms after pulmonary vein isolation in patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Dense genotyping of candidate gene loci identifies variants associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Thyroid autoimmunity and miscarriage: a meta-analysis.
Paracetamol in pregnancy and the risk of wheezing in offspring: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
What is the best femoral fixation of hamstring autografts in anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction?: a meta-analysis.
The sensitivity and specificity of ultrasound for the diagnosis of carpal tunnel  syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Psychological treatment of depression in inpatients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparative study of violence risk assessment tools: a systematic review and metaregression analysis of 68 studies involving 25,980 participants.
The predictive efficiency of school bullying versus later offending: a systematic/meta-analytic review of longitudinal studies.
Effect of mobile phone intervention for diabetes on glycaemic control: a meta-analysis.
Documentation of immunocytochemistry controls in the cytopathologic literature: a meta-analysis of 100 journal articles.
A meta-analysis of point-of-care laboratory tests in the diagnosis of novel 2009  swine-lineage pandemic influenza A (H1N1).
Risk/benefit profile of bevacizumab in metastatic colon cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The adverse event profile of pregabalin: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The novel atherosclerosis locus at 10q11 regulates plasma CXCL12 levels.
Routine early coronary angioplasty versus ischaemia-guided angioplasty after thrombolysis in acute ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Economic impact of remote patient monitoring: an integrated economic model derived from a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in heart failure.
Relationship between the polymorphism of tumor necrosis factor-α-308 G>A and susceptibility to inflammatory bowel diseases and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Thrombosis associated with acute cytomegalovirus infection: a meta-analysis.
Common biology of craving across legal and illegal drugs - a quantitative meta-analysis of cue-reactivity brain response.
Is dietary fat associated with the risk of colorectal cancer? A meta-analysis of  13 prospective cohort studies.
Usefulness of 18F-FDG PET, combined FDG-PET/CT and EUS in diagnosing primary pancreatic carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of predictive factors for non-sentinel lymph node metastases in breast cancer patients with a positive SLN.
Parental bonding and alexithymia: a meta-analysis.
The diagnostic accuracy of acetabular labral tears using magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance arthrography: a meta-analysis.
Increasing outpatient treatment of mild community-acquired pneumonia: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Radial probe endobronchial ultrasound for the diagnosis of peripheral lung cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Detection of lymph node metastases in esophageal cancer.
Protease inhibitors for preventing complications associated with ERCP: an updated meta-analysis.
Positron emission tomography and positron emission tomography-CT evaluation for recurrent papillary thyroid carcinoma: meta-analysis and literature review.
What are the most effective intervention techniques for changing physical activity self-efficacy and physical activity behaviour--and are they the same?
Diagnostic accuracy of echocardiography for pulmonary hypertension: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Do statins improve outcomes and delay the progression of non-rheumatic calcific aortic stenosis?
Meta-analysis of catheter ablation as an adjunct to medical therapy for treatment of ventricular tachycardia in patients with structural heart disease.
Moxifloxacin-containing triple therapy versus bismuth-containing quadruple therapy for second-line treatment of Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of hepatitis B and C in HIV-infected patients: a meta-analysis.
Bipartite medial cuneiform: new frequencies from skeletal collections and a meta-analysis of previous cases.
Synovial sarcoma of nerve.
Can combined (mechanical and pharmacological) modalities prevent fatal VTE?
Meta-analysis of the combination of warfarin and dual antiplatelet therapy after  coronary stenting in patients with indications for chronic oral anticoagulation.
Laparoscopic-assisted versus open surgery for rectal cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on oncologic adequacy of resection and long-term oncologic outcomes.
The role of nasogastric tube in decompression after elective colon and rectum surgery: a meta-analysis.
The 5-HTTLPR polymorphism and eating disorders: a meta-analysis.
Birth order and childhood type 1 diabetes risk: a pooled analysis of 31 observational studies.
Is group psychotherapy effective in older adults with depression? A systematic review.
P21 Ser31Arg polymorphism and cervical cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The association between BANK1 and TNFAIP3 gene polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Use of end-tidal carbon dioxide detection to determine correct placement of nasogastric tube: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the effectiveness of propranolol for the treatment of infantile airway haemangiomas.
Mesh kits for anterior vaginal prolapse are not cost effective.
Brain effects of antidepressants in major depression: a meta-analysis of emotional processing studies.
Can general practitioners identify people with distress and mild depression? A meta-analysis of clinical accuracy.
Psychosocial interventions for the prevention of depression in older adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of scalp acupuncture for acute hypertensive intracerebral hemorrhage.
Meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials comparing griseofulvin and terbinafine in the treatment of tinea capitis.
Soy protein effects on serum lipoproteins: a quality assessment and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled antidepressant studies in people with depression and dementia.
Milk intake and risk of hip fracture in men and women: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Prognosis of diabetic patients undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery compared with nondiabetics: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
N-acetylcysteine in cardiac surgery: do the benefits outweigh the risks? A meta-analytic reappraisal.
Progestogen-only contraceptives and the risk of acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of response inhibition and Stroop interference control deficits in adults with traumatic brain injury (TBI).
Enteral feeding within three hours after percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy placement: a meta-analysis.
The -308 G/A polymorphism in TNF-α gene is associated with asthma risk: an update by meta-analysis.
Efficacy of antidepressants for dysthymia: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled  randomized trials.
The effect of exercise in clinically depressed adults: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
What can we learn from Chinese randomized controlled trials? A systematic review  and meta-analysis of Chinese venlafaxine studies.
Reading achievement in relation to phonological coding and awareness in deaf readers: a meta-analysis.
Socioeconomic position and incidence of acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Anatomic variations of intrahepatic bile ducts in a European series and meta-analysis of the literature.
Intestinal cancer risk in Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of effect of prenatal zinc supplementation on birthweight: meta-analysis of 17 randomized controlled trials.
Meta analysis of non-penetrating trabecular surgery versus trabeculectomy for the treatment of open angle glaucoma.
Blood 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration and hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of cerebrospinal fluid lactate for differentiating bacterial  meningitis from aseptic meningitis: a meta-analysis.
A comparison of drug-eluting stents versus bare metal stents in saphenous vein graft PCI outcomes: a meta-analysis.
[Meta analysis of variables related to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in school-age children].
Bevacizumab for recurrent glioblastoma multiforme: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of partial (.6 mg/kg) versus full-dose (.9 mg/kg) intravenous recombinant tissue plasminogen activator followed by endovascular treatment for acute ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of work-family conflict and various outcomes with a special emphasis on cross-domain versus matching-domain relations.
Helicobacter pylori in the oral cavity and gastric mucosa: a meta-analysis.
Psychostimulants for the management of cancer-related fatigue: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of low-dose aspirin for prevention of preeclampsia.
The effect of waiting: A meta-analysis of wait-list control groups in trials for  tinnitus distress.
Perioperative supplemental oxygen in colorectal patients: a meta-analysis.
Clopidogrel 150 vs. 75 mg day(-1) in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Rates of venous thromboembolism in multiple myeloma patients undergoing immunomodulatory therapy with thalidomide or lenalidomide: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
School-based intervention programs for PTSD symptoms: a review and meta-analysis.
Extended treatment duration for treatment naïve chronic hepatitis C genotype 1 late viral responders: a meta-analysis comparing 48 weeks vs 72 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin.
Melphalan and prednisone versus melphalan, prednisone and thalidomide for elderly and/or transplant ineligible patients with multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis.
Genes and hepatitis C: susceptibility, fibrosis progression and response to treatment.
Protective effect of lycopene on serum cholesterol and blood pressure: Meta-analyses of intervention trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of skeletal muscle fatigue in old age.
Suspected black cohosh hepatotoxicity: no evidence by meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials for isopropanolic black cohosh extract.
IL-6 -174G>C polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 29,377 cases and 37,739 controls.
Genetic polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase M1 and bladder cancer risk: a  meta-analysis of 26 studies.
Varied association of prothrombin G20210A polymorphism with coronary artery disease susceptibility in different ethnic groups: evidence from 15,041 cases and 21,507 controls.
Meta-analyses of the effect of cytochrome P450 2E1 gene polymorphism on the risk  of head and neck cancer.
Lack of association between methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene A1298C polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility.
BRAF V600E mutation and resistance to anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
The risk of valvular regurgitation in patients with Parkinson's disease treated with dopamine receptor agonists.
HLA-DR allele polymorphism and multiple sclerosis in Chinese populations: a meta-analysis.
Oligoclonal bands predict multiple sclerosis after optic neuritis: a literature survey.
Common and distinct networks underlying reward valence and processing stages: a meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies.
The effects of laparoscopic vs. open gastric bypass for morbid obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lack of association of CD36 SNPs with early onset obesity: a meta-analysis in 9,973 European subjects.
Stress and adiposity: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Risk factors for intraoperative floppy iris syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Associations of APOE gene polymorphisms with bone mineral density and fracture risk: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of psychologically based interventions to improve anxiety, depression and quality of life in COPD: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of outcomes after open and laparoscopic Nissen's fundoplication for gastro-oesophageal reflux disease in children.
Secondhand smoke and adverse fetal outcomes in nonsmoking pregnant women: a meta-analysis.
Golimumab and immunogenicity? 2010 and beyond.
Eight common genetic variants associated with serum DHEAS levels suggest a key role in ageing mechanisms.
Transferability of type 2 diabetes implicated loci in multi-ethnic cohorts from Southeast Asia.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies regions on 7p21 (AHR) and 15q24 (CYP1A2) as  determinants of habitual caffeine consumption.
Nominal association between a polymorphism in DGKH and bipolar disorder detected  in a meta-analysis of East Asian case-control samples.
On the law relating processing to storage in working memory.
Time limits and gender differences on paper-and-pencil tests of mental rotation:  a meta-analysis.
Interventions that increase use of Pap tests among ethnic minority women: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of nicotine preloading for smoking cessation: investigating mediators of the effect.
Characterization of adrenal masses by using FDG PET: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic test performance.
Tiotropium for treatment of stable COPD: a meta-analysis of clinically relevant outcomes.
Diagnostic accuracy of T-cell interferon-γ release assays in tuberculous pleurisy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of endophthalmitis after intravitreal injection of anti-vascular endothelial growth factor agents: causative organisms and possible prevention strategies.
[Guidelines for diagnosis and treatment of constipation in Mexico. A) Epidemiology (meta-analysis of the prevalence), pathophysiology and classification].
Incidence of cleft lip and palate in Iran. A meta-analysis.
Neuroanatomical abnormalities in schizophrenia: a multimodal voxelwise meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis.
Oral versus depot antipsychotic drugs for schizophrenia--a critical systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised long-term trials.
Carotid intima media thickness in rheumatoid arthritis as compared to control subjects: a meta-analysis.
The reliability and validity of radiological assessment for patellar instability. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gender differences in nightmare frequency: a meta-analysis.
High-dose ketorolac affects adult spinal fusion: a meta-analysis of the effect of perioperative nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on spinal fusion.
Genes associated with adult cerebral venous thrombosis.
The role of vitamin E (tocopherol) supplementation in the prevention of stroke. A meta-analysis of 13 randomised controlled trials.
Factors associated with patient and health care system delay in diagnosis and treatment for TB in sub-Saharan African countries with high burdens of TB and HIV.
Setting the bar for laparoscopic resection of sporadic insulinoma.
[Gefitinib for non-small cell lung cancer: a meta analysis].
[Meta-analysis of calcineurin inhibitor in the treatment of lupus nephritis].
[A meta-analysis of the effects of direct hemoperfusion with polymyxin B-immobilized fiber on prognosis in severe sepsis].
[Meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of liver transplantation in treating cholangiocarcinoma].
[The efficiency and safety of laparoscopic surgery for colorectal carcinoma: a systematic review].
Adjuvant therapy for locally advanced renal cell cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
The influence of psychiatric screening in healthy populations selection: a new study and meta-analysis of functional 5-HTTLPR and rs25531 polymorphisms and anxiety-related personality traits.
Previous lung diseases and lung cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hsa-miR-196a2 Rs11614913 polymorphism contributes to cancer susceptibility: evidence from 15 case-control studies.
Prevalence of traumatic brain injury in incarcerated groups compared to the general population: a meta-analysis.
Red and processed meat consumption and risk of ovarian cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Impact of telemedicine intensive care unit coverage on patient outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Liver transplant outcomes in HIV-infected patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis with synthetic cohort.
A meta-analysis of gemcitabine containing chemotherapy for locally advanced and metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Associations between the HLA-A polymorphism and the clinical manifestations of Behcet's disease.
Genetic variants on chromosome 8q24 and colorectal neoplasia risk: a case-control study in China and a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Association of episodic physical and sexual activity with triggering of acute cardiac events: systematic review and meta-analysis.
"Flogging dead horses": evaluating when have clinical trials achieved sufficiency and stability? A case study in cardiac rehabilitation.
The association between lymphogranuloma venereum and HIV among men who have sex with men: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Putative EPHX1 enzyme activity is related with risk of lung and upper aerodigestive tract cancers: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Comparative cardiovascular effects of thiazolidinediones: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Association between acute infections and risk of acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Effect of statins on atrial fibrillation: collaborative meta-analysis of published and unpublished evidence from randomised controlled trials.
Gabapentin for chronic neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia in adults.
Pacifier use versus no pacifier use in breastfeeding term infants for increasing  duration of breastfeeding.
Interventions for improving palliative care for older people living in nursing care homes.
Progestogen for treating threatened miscarriage.
Topical anaesthetic or vasoconstrictor preparations for flexible fibre-optic nasal pharyngoscopy and laryngoscopy.
Probiotics for prevention of necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants.
Transarterial (chemo)embolisation for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma.
Individual and group based parenting programmes for improving psychosocial outcomes for teenage parents and their children.
Inhaled antibiotics for long-term therapy in cystic fibrosis.
A comparison of the results of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction using bioabsorbable versus metal interference screws: a meta-analysis.
Serum levels of phosphorus, parathyroid hormone, and calcium and risks of death and cardiovascular disease in individuals with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: diagnostic performance of low-radiation-dose coronary computed tomography angiography.
Meta-analysis: cardiac resynchronization therapy for patients with less symptomatic heart failure.
Coffee consumption and risk of cancers: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Prevention of pain on injection of propofol: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Conservative and dietary interventions for cancer-related lymphedema: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
ERCC1 and ERCC2 polymorphisms predict clinical outcomes of oxaliplatin-based chemotherapies in gastric and colorectal cancer: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
β-D-glucan assay for the diagnosis of invasive fungal infections: a meta-analysis.
Identification of a common variant in the TFR2 gene implicated in the physiological regulation of serum iron levels.
Meta-analysis of observational studies of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and colorectal, breast and prostate cancer and colorectal adenoma.
The effect of Mediterranean diet on metabolic syndrome and its components: a meta-analysis of 50 studies and 534,906 individuals.
Functional parkin promoter polymorphism in Parkinson's disease: new data and meta-analysis.
Interferon therapy in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the comparative trials.
Estimate of the burden of snakebites in sub-Saharan Africa: a meta-analytic approach.
Antihypertensive treatment and development of heart failure in hypertension: a Bayesian network meta-analysis of studies in patients with hypertension and high  cardiovascular risk.
Genome-wide association study identifies 12 new susceptibility loci for primary biliary cirrhosis.
Efficacy of drug treatments for generalised anxiety disorder: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of the efficacy of tenofovir and adefovir in the treatment of chronic  hepatitis B: a systematic review.
Ethnicity and academic performance in UK trained doctors and medical students: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiac resynchronization therapy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Potassium intake, stroke, and cardiovascular disease a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Efficacy and safety of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors during elective coronary  revascularization: a meta-analysis of randomized trials performed in the era of stents and thienopyridines.
Prognostic value of cardiac computed tomography angiography: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Atrial fibrillation and incidence of dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of ibuprofen and risk of Parkinson disease.
A systematic review of African studies on intimate partner violence against pregnant women: prevalence and risk factors.
TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism is associated with esophageal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
p53 codon 72 polymorphism and liver cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Coffee drinking and pancreatic cancer risk: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Large-scale association analysis identifies 13 new susceptibility loci for coronary artery disease.
A genome-wide association study in Europeans and South Asians identifies five new loci for coronary artery disease.
Tea consumption enhances endothelial-dependent vasodilation; a meta-analysis.
Antihypertensive treatment and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease events among persons without hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of passive immunoprophylaxis in paediatric patients at risk of severe RSV infection.
The relationship between divided attention and implicit memory: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of comorbid disorders in problem and pathological gambling: systematic review and meta-analysis of population surveys.
Meta-analysis: the effects of gut flora modulation using prebiotics, probiotics and synbiotics on minimal hepatic encephalopathy.
Clinical outcomes after percutaneous revascularization versus medical management  in patients with significant renal artery stenosis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of B-type natriuretic peptide's ability to identify stress induced  myocardial ischemia.
Black and green tea consumption and the risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
5-aminosalicylates prevent relapse of Crohn's disease after surgically induced remission: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Continuing treatment of depression in the elderly: a systematic review and meta-analysis of double-blinded randomized controlled trials with antidepressants.
Five blood pressure loci identified by an updated genome-wide linkage scan: meta-analysis of the Family Blood Pressure Program.
Outcomes of nonemergent percutaneous coronary intervention with and without on-site surgical backup: a meta-analysis.
[The role of antibiotics in acute sinusitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Myeloid growth factors in acute myeloid leukemia: systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
EGFR gene copy number as a predictive biomarker for patients receiving tyrosine kinase inhibitor treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis in non-small-cell lung cancer.
Analysis of the influence of PTPN22 gene polymorphisms in systemic sclerosis.
Long-term prevention of mortality in morbid obesity through bariatric surgery. a  systematic review and meta-analysis of trials performed with gastric banding and  gastric bypass.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effectiveness and safety of tigecycline for treatment of infectious disease.
Specific oral tolerance induction in food allergic children: is oral desensitisation more effective than allergen avoidance?: a meta-analysis of published RCTs.
Use of a genomic test (MammaPrint™) in daily clinical practice to assist in risk  stratification of young breast cancer patients.
[What kind of intervention has the best results to reduce the weight in overweighted or obese adults?].
Role of the Nav1.7 R1150W amino acid change in susceptibility to symptomatic knee osteoarthritis and multiple regional pain.
CAG-repeat variant in the polymerase γ gene and male infertility in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Effects of peroxisome proliferator activated receptor-gamma 2 gene Pro12Ala polymorphism on fasting blood lipids: a meta-analysis.
Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy and illness stage in schizophrenia--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adhesion formation after previous caesarean section-a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Women's preference for caesarean section: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Screening for prostate cancer: an updated Cochrane systematic review.
Physical activity and risk of colon adenoma: a meta-analysis.
Metformin for olanzapine-induced weight gain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Eysenckian personality factors and their correlations with academic performance.
Dose-response relationship of resistance training in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of statin therapy on abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Systematic review of the effect of external beam radiation therapy to the breast  on axillary recurrence after negative sentinel lymph node biopsy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of sentinel node biopsy in thyroid cancer.
Endoscopic band ligation versus pharmacological therapy for variceal bleeding in  cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Carotid endarterectomy versus stenting: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Associations of circulating and dietary vitamin D with prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori infection and gastric cardia cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cisplatin-induced emesis: systematic review and meta-analysis of the ferret model and the effects of 5-HT₃ receptor antagonists.
The prognostic value of RASSF1A promoter hypermethylation in non-small cell lung  carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ultrasound-guided catheterization of the radial artery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Residential pesticides and childhood leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tau and p-tau as CSF biomarkers in dementia: a meta-analysis.
APOA5 -1131T/C polymorphism is associated with coronary artery disease in a Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Maternal depression and child psychopathology: a meta-analytic review.
Effect of KRAS mutational status in advanced colorectal cancer on the outcomes of anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metformin vs thiazolidinediones for treatment of clinical, hormonal and metabolic characteristics of polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Association between HLA-B*27 polymorphisms and ankylosing spondylitis in Han populations: a meta-analysis.
Marginal bone level changes at dental implants after 5 years in function: a meta-analysis.
Folic acid therapy and cardiovascular disease in ESRD or advanced chronic kidney  disease: a meta-analysis.
Geographical variation in the response of lupus nephritis to mycophenolate mofetil induction therapy.
A network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of induction treatments in acute myeloid leukemia in the elderly.
Comparison of reduced intensity and myeloablative conditioning regimens for stem  cell transplantation in patients with malignancies: a meta-analysis.
Hypertonic saline versus mannitol for the treatment of elevated intracranial pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Association between polymorphism of SDF1 (CXCL12) gene and HIV-1 susceptibility:  a meta-analysis.
Safety profile of topical diclofenac: a meta-analysis of blinded, randomized, controlled trials in musculoskeletal conditions.
The association of genetic polymorphisms with cerebral palsy: a meta-analysis.
Nurse-led interventions used to improve control of high blood pressure in people  with diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of depression in individuals with impaired glucose metabolism or undiagnosed diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the European Depression in Diabetes (EDID) Research Consortium.
Effect of metformin on cardiovascular events and mortality: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Genetic associations in diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
p53 status and its prognostic role in extrahepatic bile duct cancer: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Safety of nortriptyline at equivalent therapeutic doses for smoking cessation: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Chlamydia pneumoniae infection and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Parity, early menopause and the incidence of bladder cancer in women: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Association of CYP1B1 gene polymorphisms with susceptibility to endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of short-term and long-term survival following repair versus replacement for ischemic mitral regurgitation.
EGFR-targeted therapies combined with chemotherapy for treating advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Allergy and risk of glioma: a meta-analysis.
Pain relief in office gynaecology: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Open versus laparoscopic pyloromyotomy for pyloric stenosis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Positron emission tomography (PET) for assessment of axillary lymph node status in early breast cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Case fatality of COPD exacerbations: a meta-analysis and statistical modelling approach.
Periprocedural (30-day) risk of myocardial infarction after drug-eluting coronary stent implantation: a meta-analysis comparing cobalt-chromium and stainless steel drug-eluting coronary stents.
Association between angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion gene polymorphism and atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Antifibrinolytic therapy with tranexamic acid in pregnancy and postpartum.
Lipid levels in polycystic ovary syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog cotreatment for preservation of ovarian function during gonadotoxic chemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relationship between isolated teratozoospermia and clinical pregnancy after in vitro fertilization with or without intracytoplasmic sperm injection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of oxaliplatin compared to cisplatin for advanced, unresectable gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A functional single nucleotide polymorphism in mucin 1, at chromosome 1q22, determines susceptibility to diffuse-type gastric cancer.
Association study in eating disorders: TPH2 associates with anorexia nervosa and  self-induced vomiting.
Association of EBF1, FAM167A(C8orf13)-BLK and TNFSF4 gene variants with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Impact of mannose-binding lectin insufficiency on the course of cystic fibrosis:  A review and meta-analysis.
The effect of caffeine on intraocular pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gonadotrophin-releasing hormone-antagonists vs long agonist in in-vitro fertilization patients with polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Total migraine freedom, a potential primary endpoint to assess acute treatment in migraine: comparison to the current FDA requirement using the complete rizatriptan study database.
Lack of replication in polymorphisms reported to be associated with atrial fibrillation.
Clinicopathological and prognostic significance of EGFR over-expression in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
TEM and conventional rectal surgery for T1 rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Performance of the aspartate aminotransferase-to-platelet ratio index for the staging of hepatitis C-related fibrosis: an updated meta-analysis.
Gender does not moderate hippocampal volume deficits in adults with posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
Association of an IL-4 gene haplotype with Graves disease in children: experimental study and meta-analysis.
Novel association to the proprotein convertase PCSK7 gene locus revealed by analysing soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR) levels.
What about gr/gr deletions and male infertility? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes in relation to the daily dose of recombinant follicle-stimulating hormone for ovarian stimulation in in vitro fertilization in presumed normal responders younger than 39 years: a meta-analysis.
Oral contraceptives and risk of endometriosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
α-adducin Gly460Trp polymorphism and essential hypertension risk in Chinese: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis to estimate the correlation coefficients between birthweight and other anthropometric measurements at birth.
Antidepressants for major depressive disorder in patients with a co-morbid axis-III disorder: a meta-analysis of patient characteristics and placebo response rates in randomized controlled trials.
Prognostic value of absence or presence of coronary artery disease determined by  64-slice computed tomography coronary angiography a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: sacral nerve stimulation versus conservative therapy in the treatment of faecal incontinence.
Fluoroquinolones are associated with delayed treatment and resistance in tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of escitalopram compared to citalopram: a meta-analysis.
Ability of nurses to identify depression in primary care, secondary care and nursing homes--a meta-analysis of routine clinical accuracy.
A meta-analysis of prosthodontic complication rates of implant-supported fixed dental prostheses in edentulous patients after an observation period of at least  5 years.
Accuracy of symptoms and signs in predicting hypoxaemia among young children with acute respiratory infection: a meta-analysis.
Imageless computer assisted versus conventional total knee replacement. A Bayesian meta-analysis of 23 comparative studies.
Supine versus prone position in percutaneous nephrolithotomy for kidney calculi:  a meta-analysis.
Terlipressin in hepatorenal syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interferon-gamma release assays for the diagnosis of latent tuberculosis infection in HIV-infected individuals: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sex while intoxicated: a meta-analysis comparing heterosexual and sexual minority youth.
Psychotropic drugs and falls in the elderly people: updated literature review and meta-analysis.
Nutrients and foods for the primary prevention of asthma and allergy: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
CUBN is a gene locus for albuminuria.
CCND1 G870A polymorphism and cervical cancer risk: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Analgesic efficacy of ultrasound-guided regional anesthesia: a meta-analysis.
Mortality and morbidity in Cushing's disease over 50 years in Stoke-on-Trent, UK: audit and meta-analysis of literature.
Continuation of mortality reduction after the end of randomized therapy in clinical trials of lipid-lowering therapy.
A meta-analysis of 99mTc-MIBI SPECT for detection of recurrent glioma after radiation therapy.
BsmI, TaqI, ApaI, and FokI polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor gene and periodontitis: a meta-analysis of 15 studies including 1338 cases and 1302 controls.
Dentin hypersensitivity and oxalates: a systematic review.
Cost comparison of robotic, laparoscopic, and open partial nephrectomy.
Efficacy, safety and tolerability of green tea catechins in the treatment of external anogenital warts: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of ITGAM polymorphism with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of cognitive behavior therapy for the management of psychological outcomes following spinal cord injury: a meta-analysis.
Skin antiseptics in venous puncture-site disinfection for prevention of blood culture contamination: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Antihypertensive and renoprotective effects of trandolapril/verapamil combination: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Stroop effects in persons with traumatic brain injury: selective attention, speed of processing, or color-naming? A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of deinstitutionalization adaptive behaviour outcomes: research and clinical implications.
MR imaging in cases of antenatal suspected appendicitis--a meta-analysis.
Psychotherapy versus second-generation antidepressants in the treatment of depression: a meta-analysis.
Role of fetal sex in the outcome of antenatal glucocorticoid treatment to prevent respiratory distress syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Operative versus non-operative management following Rockwood grade III acromioclavicular separation: a meta-analysis of the current evidence base.
Metformin for weight reduction in non-diabetic patients on antipsychotic drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Review: association between angiotensin converting enzyme G2350A polymorphism and hypertension risk: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of indirect dopamine agonists for psychostimulant dependence: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
New gene variants associated with venous thrombosis: a replication study in White and Black Americans.
Individual patient data meta-analysis of enoxaparin vs. unfractionated heparin for venous thromboembolism prevention in medical patients.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials of carotid endarterectomy vs stenting.
Role of pioglitazone in the prevention of restenosis and need for revascularization after bare-metal stent implantation: a meta-analysis.
Traditional cardiovascular risk factors in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between body mass index and hip osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of health care utilization outcomes in alcohol screening and brief intervention trials.
CYP2E1 Rsa I/Pst I polymorphism and esophageal cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 1,088 cases and 2,238 controls.
The association between interleukin-10-592 polymorphism and gastric cancer risk:  a meta-analysis.
Serum total adiponectin in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Capsule endoscopy with PILLCAM ESO for detecting esophageal varices: a meta-analysis.
Cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphism is associated with poor clinical outcomes in coronary artery disease patients treated with clopidogrel.
Association of p53 codon 72 polymorphism with prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the comparative efficacy and safety of adjuvant treatment to levodopa in later Parkinson's disease.
Polymorphisms of eNOS gene are associated with diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of HHEX gene polymorphism on the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Meta-analysis identifies 29 additional ulcerative colitis risk loci, increasing the number of confirmed associations to 47.
Common variants in ZNF365 are associated with both mammographic density and breast cancer risk.
The first taste is always with the eyes: a meta-analysis on the neural correlates of processing visual food cues.
Venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in patients undergoing cranial neurosurgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cerclage for short cervix on ultrasonography in women with singleton gestations and previous preterm birth: a meta-analysis.
Staples compared with subcuticular suture for skin closure after cesarean delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Large-scale meta-analysis of interleukin-1 beta and interleukin-1 receptor antagonist polymorphisms on risk of radiographic hip and knee osteoarthritis and  severity of knee osteoarthritis.
Polymorphisms in the 5' flank of COL1A1 gene and osteoporosis: meta-analysis of published studies.
Meta-analysis to assess the appropriate endpoint for slow pathway ablation of atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia.
Diclofenac pharmacokinetic meta-analysis and dose recommendations for surgical pain in children aged 1-12 years.
Leptin levels in cord blood and anthropometric measures at birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between physical activity and disability in low back pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acceptance-based interventions for the treatment of chronic pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of icodextrin and glucose solutions for long dwell exchange in peritoneal dialysis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Genetic polymorphism of CYP11B2 gene and stroke in the Han Chinese population and a meta-analysis.
Acute, intermediate intensity exercise, and speed and accuracy in working memory  tasks: a meta-analytical comparison of effects.
The effect of study design biases on the diagnostic accuracy of magnetic resonance imaging for detecting silicone breast implant ruptures: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies variants associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease that have distinct effects on metabolic traits.
Spouses, adult children, and children-in-law as caregivers of older adults: a meta-analytic comparison.
Aging and task switching: a meta-analysis.
Evaluating the gold standard: a review and meta-analysis of the Structured Interview of Reported Symptoms.
When do gestures communicate? A meta-analysis.
Are memory self-efficacy and memory performance related? A meta-analysis.
To read or not to read: a meta-analysis of print exposure from infancy to early adulthood.
Do procedures for verbal reporting of thinking have to be reactive? A meta-analysis and recommendations for best reporting methods.
Managing countertransference.
Repairing alliance ruptures.
Positive regard.
Goal consensus and collaboration.
Empathy.
Cohesion in group therapy.
Alliance in couple and family therapy.
The alliance in child and adolescent psychotherapy.
Alliance in individual psychotherapy.
Early vs. delayed invasive strategy in patients with acute coronary syndromes without ST-segment elevation: a meta-analysis of randomized studies.
Summary of the epidemiological evidence relating snus to health.
Prevalence of intellectual disability: a meta-analysis of population-based studies.
Laparoscopy versus open surgery for advanced and resectable gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Burden and typing of rotavirus group A in Latin America and the Caribbean: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of amitriptyline, duloxetine and milnacipran in fibromyalgia syndrome: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Risk of adverse events including serious infections in rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with tocilizumab: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of antibiotic prophylaxis in severe acute pancreatitis.
Who benefits from supported employment: a meta-analytic study.
The characteristics of online sex offenders: a meta-analysis.
Normal sleep in African-Americans and Caucasian-Americans: A meta-analysis.
Losing life and livelihood: a systematic review and meta-analysis of unemployment and all-cause mortality.
Calcitonin treatment in lumbar spinal stenosis: a meta-analysis.
Effects of exercise on quality of life in stroke survivors: a meta-analysis.
Carotid artery stenting versus carotid endarterectomy: a comprehensive meta-analysis of short-term and long-term outcomes.
Clinical and radiographic outcomes of image-based computer-assisted total knee arthroplasty: an evidence-based evaluation.
Respiratory disease associated with solid biomass fuel exposure in rural women and children: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of transvaginal ultrasound for non-invasive diagnosis of bowel endometriosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Assessment of residual tumours after systemic treatment of metastatic seminoma:  ¹⁸F-2-fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose positron emission tomography - meta-analysis of diagnostic value].
Addition of theophylline or increasing the dose of inhaled corticosteroid in symptomatic asthma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of Chinese herbal medicine in the treatment of Sjogren's syndrome].
[Meta analysis of association between Ser326Cys polymorphism of hOGG1 gene and risk of lung cancer].
[A meta analysis on neuro-behavioral function of the workers exposed to manganism occupationally].
[A meta-analysis on efficacy of anti-platelet agents and anticoagulants for preventing stroke in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation].
[Low ankle brachial index and risk of death: a meta-analysis].
Association of α-adducin and G-protein β3 genetic polymorphisms with hypertension: a meta-analysis of Chinese populations.
FGFR4 Gly388Arg polymorphism contributes to prostate cancer development and progression: a meta-analysis of 2618 cases and 2305 controls.
Risk of recurrence after venous thromboembolism in men and women: patient level meta-analysis.
Identification of reference genes across physiological states for qRT-PCR through microarray meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis for genome-wide association study identifies multiple variants at the BIN1 locus associated with late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Emotional distress in infertile women and failure of assisted reproductive technologies: meta-analysis of prospective psychosocial studies.
Objectively measured physical activity and fat mass in children: a bias-adjusted  meta-analysis of prospective studies.
High-dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation for metastatic rhabdomyosarcoma--a systematic review.
Association of alcohol consumption with selected cardiovascular disease outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of alcohol consumption on biological markers associated with risk of coronary heart disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of interventional studies.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in >80 000 subjects identifies multiple loci for C-reactive protein levels.
Use of acid-suppressive drugs and risk of pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Screening for fitness to drive after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Identifying consensus disease pathways in Parkinson's disease using an integrative systems biology approach.
Comparison of the 48-week efficacy between entecavir and adefovir in HBeAg-positive nucleos(t)ide-naïve Asian patients with chronic hepatitis B: a meta-analysis.
Congestive heart failure risk in patients with breast cancer treated with bevacizumab.
Imputation of sequence variants for identification of genetic risks for Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Meta-analysis of muscle transcriptome data using the MADMuscle database reveals biologically relevant gene patterns.
Adverse effects of biologics: a network meta-analysis and Cochrane overview.
Transparent Cap Colonoscopy versus Standard Colonoscopy for Investigation of Gastrointestinal Tract Conditions.
Antidepressants for agitation and psychosis in dementia.
Fast track surgery versus conventional recovery strategies for colorectal surgery.
Interventions for preventing and reducing the use of physical restraints in long-term geriatric care.
Lifestyle changes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Chemotherapy alone versus chemotherapy plus radiotherapy for early stage Hodgkin  lymphoma.
Treatment for ulnar neuropathy at the elbow.
Anticoagulation for the initial treatment of venous thromboembolism in patients with cancer.
Nicotine receptor partial agonists for smoking cessation.
Lamotrigine for acute and chronic pain.
Shengmai (a traditional Chinese herbal medicine) for heart failure.
Creatine for treating muscle disorders.
Thymic peptides for treatment of cancer patients.
Modification of the home environment for the reduction of injuries.
Treatment for Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome.
WITHDRAWN: Psychological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia.
WITHDRAWN: Pharmacological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia.
Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in preterm infants.
X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 (XRCC1) genetic polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk: A HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Association between C reactive protein and coronary heart disease: mendelian randomisation analysis based on individual participant data.
Safety and efficacy of drug eluting stents compared with bare metal stents for saphenous vein graft interventions: a comprehensive meta-analysis of randomized trials and observational studies comprising 7,994 patients.
Use of drug-eluting stents for chronic total occlusions: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus type distribution in 30,848 invasive cervical cancers worldwide: Variation by geographical region, histological type and year of publication.
Intravaginal practices, bacterial vaginosis, and HIV infection in women: individual participant data meta-analysis.
Long-term nucleos(t)ide analogues therapy for adults with chronic hepatitis B reduces the risk of long-term complications: a meta-analysis.
Online interventions for social marketing health behavior change campaigns: a meta-analysis of psychological architectures and adherence factors.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of intermittent  preventive treatment of malaria in children (IPTc).
Limited clinical relevance of imaging techniques in the follow-up of patients with advanced chronic lymphocytic leukemia: results of a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association studies of the PR interval in African Americans.
Effectiveness of disease-management programs for improving diabetes care: a meta-analysis.
[Exercise therapy for patients with chronic fatigue syndrome].
Enterovirus infection and type 1 diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational molecular studies.
Transparent meta-analysis: does aging spare prospective memory with focal vs. non-focal cues?
Treatment-related mortality with bevacizumab in cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Reconciling the evidence on serum homocysteine and ischaemic heart disease: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the fertility of patients with schizophrenia and their unaffected relatives.
The true incidence of near-term postoperative complications in prosthetic breast  reconstruction utilizing human acellular dermal matrices: a meta-analysis.
No relationship between TNF-α genetic variants and combination antiretroviral therapy-related lipodystrophy syndrome in HIV type 1-infected patients: a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the diagnostic yield of chromoendoscopy for detecting dysplasia in patients with colonic inflammatory bowel disease.
The I/D polymorphism of angiotensin-converting enzyme gene and asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized studies comparing intravascular ultrasound versus angiographic guidance of percutaneous coronary intervention in pre-drug-eluting stent era.
Energy expenditure in adults living in developing compared with industrialized countries: a meta-analysis of doubly labeled water studies.
Acquired primary cutaneous ganglioneuroma with adipocytic metaplasia: "An end point of melanocytic 'maturation'?" a case report and meta-analysis with comparison to a cross-sectional study of neurotized melanocytic nevi.
Ischemic heart disease mortality and morbidity rates in former drinkers: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacist interventions to enhance blood pressure control and adherence to antihypertensive therapy: Review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of pharmacologic therapy for smoking cessation in adolescent smokers: Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Smoking cessation reduces postoperative complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stability of treatment for anterior open-bite malocclusion: a meta-analysis.
The safety of perioperative esmolol: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of thoracic epidural anesthesia versus general anesthesia for cardiac surgery.
Exercise interventions for cancer survivors: a meta-analysis of quality of life outcomes.
Clinical safety and efficacy of everolimus-eluting stents compared to paclitaxel-eluting stents in patients with coronary artery disease.
Usefulness of statins pretreatment for the prevention of postoperative atrial ﬁbrillation in patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
Determination of the survival rate in patients with congestive heart failure stratified by ¹²³I-MIBG imaging: a meta-analysis from the studies performed in Japan.
Indirect comparisons of the efficacy of biological antirheumatic agents in rheumatoid arthritis in patients with an inadequate response to conventional disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs or to an anti-tumour necrosis factor agent: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies confirms a susceptibility locus  for knee osteoarthritis on chromosome 7q22.
Ischemic cholangiopathy after controlled donation after cardiac death liver transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Minilaparoscopic versus conventional laparoscopic cholecystectomy a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy and concomitant trastuzumab in breast cancer: a pooled analysis of two randomized trials.
Interferon plus Chinese herbs are associated with higher sustained virological response than interferon alone in chronic Hepatitis C: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Do implementation intentions help to eat a healthy diet? A systematic review and  meta-analysis of the empirical evidence.
Effect of cesarean section on the risk of perinatal transmission of hepatitis C virus from HCV-RNA+/HIV- mothers: a meta-analysis.
MDM2 SNP309T>G polymorphism with hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Carotid artery stenting vs carotid endarterectomy: meta-analysis and diversity-adjusted trial sequential analysis of randomized trials.
Four genetic polymorphisms of paraoxonase gene and risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis based on 88 case-control studies.
Pharmacological versus non-pharmacological antipyretic treatments in febrile critically ill adult patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Optimizing the efficacy of first-line chemotherapy plus bevacizumab in metastatic colorectal cancer: analysis of multiple methods.
A quantitative meta-analysis of fMRI studies in bipolar disorder.
Physical activity and gestational weight gain: a meta-analysis of intervention trials.
Efficacy and safety profiles of manidipine compared with amlodipine: a meta-analysis of head-to-head trials.
Occupational ultraviolet light exposure increases the risk for the development of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of proactive treatment with topical corticosteroids and calcineurin inhibitors for atopic eczema: systematic review and meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
International comparison of clinicians' ability to identify depression in primary care: meta-analysis and meta-regression of predictors.
Efficacy of mood stabilisers in the treatment of impulsive or repetitive aggression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of a vascular endothelial growth factor gene 936 C/T polymorphism with breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
RAD51 135G/C polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis from 21 studies.
Accounting for model uncertainty in estimating global burden of disease.
Impact of computed tomography of the abdomen on clinical outcomes in patients with acute right lower quadrant pain: a meta-analysis.
Maternal consumption of coffee and tea during pregnancy and risk of childhood ALL: results from an Australian case-control study.
Folate intake and the risk of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Heme iron from meat and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis and a review of the mechanisms involved.
GSTM1 null and NAT2 slow acetylation genotypes, smoking intensity and bladder cancer risk: results from the New England bladder cancer study and NAT2 meta-analysis.
Long-term risk of clinical events from stenting side branches of coronary bifurcation lesions with drug-eluting and bare-metal stents: an observational meta-analysis.
Complete versus culprit only revascularization in acute ST elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
"Triple therapy" rather than "triple threat": a meta-analysis of the two antithrombotic regimens after stent implantation in patients receiving long-term  oral anticoagulant treatment.
Meta-analysis of association between insertion/deletion polymorphism of the Angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene and venous thromboembolism.
Effects of statin treatment on cardiac function in patients with chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Genetic effects of adiponectin on blood lipids and blood pressure.
Efficacy of fluticasone furoate nasal spray vs. placebo for the treatment of ocular and nasal symptoms of allergic rhinitis: a systematic review.
Effectiveness of valganciclovir 900 mg versus 450 mg for cytomegalovirus prophylaxis in transplantation: direct and indirect treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of culture-based and PCR-based detection tests for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus: a meta-analysis.
The prevention and treatment of complicated grief: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of cognitive bias to food stimuli in people with disordered eating behaviour.
Efficacy of short-term psychotherapy for multiple medically unexplained physical  symptoms: a meta-analysis.
Differences between trait fear and trait anxiety: implications for psychopathology.
Daily physical activity of patients with the chronic fatigue syndrome: a systematic review.
Efficacy of methylphenidate for adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: a meta-regression analysis.
Time to locoregional recurrence after curative resection of rectal carcinoma is prolonged after neoadjuvant treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Folic acid supplementation and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of Clinacanthus nutans extracts in patients with herpes infection: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
The role of albumin as a resuscitation fluid for patients with sepsis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is plasma arginine concentration decreased in patients with sepsis? A systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacological treatments for neovascular age-related macular degeneration: can  mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis be useful?
A clinical and economic evaluation of enteral nutrition.
Differential susceptibility to rearing environment depending on dopamine-related  genes: new evidence and a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of insulin analogs in achieving the hemoglobin A1c target of <7% in type 2 diabetes: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1 alpha (PPARGC1A) gene polymorphisms and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
The effect of pramlintide acetate on glycemic control and weight in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and in obese patients without diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between rs13266634 C/T polymorphisms of solute carrier family 30 member 8 (SLC30A8) and type 2 diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance, type 1 diabetes--a meta-analysis.
Effects of benzodiazepines, antidepressants and opioids on driving: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of epidemiological and experimental evidence.
Factors determining response to antiepileptic drugs in randomized controlled trials. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine-needle aspiration biopsy in the evaluation of bile duct strictures and gallbladder masses: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors in the aetiology of hiatus hernia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of skeletal mandibular changes during Frankel appliance treatment.
A systematic literature review of the efficacy and safety of the Prostar XL device for the closure of large femoral arterial access sites in patients undergoing percutaneous endovascular aortic procedures.
Impact of inspiratory muscle training in patients with COPD: what is the evidence?
Efficacy of adjunctive ablation of complex fractionated atrial electrograms and pulmonary vein isolation for the treatment of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Pancreatic stents for prophylaxis against post-ERCP pancreatitis: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Effect of laxatives and pharmacological therapies in chronic idiopathic constipation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Corticosteroids improve short-term survival in patients with severe alcoholic hepatitis: meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Trimetazidine: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials in heart failure.
[Prognostic role of vascular endothelial growth factor in oral carcinoma: a meta  analysis].
Obesity, hypertension, and migration: a meta-analysis of populations of the South Asian diaspora.
Conditional meta-analysis stratifying on detailed HLA genotypes identifies a novel type 1 diabetes locus around TCF19 in the MHC.
A meta-analysis of the relation of polymorphism at sites -1082 and -592 of the IL-10 gene promoter with susceptibility and clearance to persistent hepatitis B virus infection in the Chinese population.
The efficacy of botulinum toxin type A in managing chronic musculoskeletal pain:  a systematic review and meta analysis.
Testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin and the metabolic syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Non-vigorous physical activity and all-cause mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 gene polymorphisms and endometrial cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Does caffeine added to carbohydrate provide additional ergogenic benefit for endurance?
Infection in total hip replacement: meta-analysis.
Minimally invasive versus conventional exposure for total hip arthroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical and radiological outcomes.
Bevacizumab for salvage treatment of metastatic breast cancer: a systemic review  and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of unexpected findings in routine histopathology during total joint replacement.
Probing the independence of formant control using altered auditory feedback.
Antihypertensive efficacy of hydrochlorothiazide as evaluated by ambulatory blood pressure monitoring: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Once versus multiple daily dosing of aminoglycosides for patients with febrile neutropenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tranexamic acid is associated with less blood transfusion in off-pump coronary artery bypass graft surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protective effects of steroids in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized  double-blind trials.
Fibrates effect on cardiovascular risk is greater in patients with high triglyceride levels or atherogenic dyslipidemia profile: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the clinical effectiveness of transversus abdominis plane block.
Inconsistent results in meta-analyses for the prevention of falls are found between study-level data and patient-level data.
Meta-analyses of small numbers of trials often agree with longer-term results.
Proton pump inhibitors and the risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
PCR diagnosis of invasive candidiasis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dabigatran and rivaroxaban for prevention of venous thromboembolism--systematic review and adjusted indirect comparison.
Antidepressants for the acute treatment of bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stages of change.
Coping style.
Expectations.
Preferences.
Resistance/reactance level.
Culture.
Posttraumatic stress disorder and intimate relationship problems: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of predictors of offender treatment attrition and its relationship to recidivism.
Thyroid autoimmunity and pre-term delivery: brief review and meta-analysis.
Does simultaneous transurethral resection of bladder tumor and prostate affect the recurrence of bladder tumor? A meta-analysis.
Endovascular management of arterioenteric fistulas: a systemic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Diagnostic test of rifampicin resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
The reliability of relationship satisfaction: a reliability generalization meta-analysis.
Effect of tumor necrosis factor-α antagonism in asthma: a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Health-related quality of life and hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Homocysteine and vascular disease: review of published results of the homocysteine-lowering trials.
Comprehensive association analysis of candidate genes for generalized vitiligo supports XBP1, FOXP3, and TSLP.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of immunosuppressant therapy clinical trials  in membranous lupus nephritis.
The efficacy of ascorbic acid in suboptimal responsive anemic hemodialysis patients receiving erythropoietin: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of physiotherapy interventions late after stroke: a meta-analysis.
Effects of Pilates-based exercises on pain and disability in individuals with persistent nonspecific low back pain: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Essential oils compared to chlorhexidine with respect to plaque and parameters of gingival inflammation: a systematic review.
Complement and correction for meta-analysis of patients with extensive-stage small cell lung cancer managed with irinotecan/cisplatin versus etoposide/cisplatin as first-line chemotherapy.
Risk factors for catheter-related thrombosis (CRT) in cancer patients: a patient-level data (IPD) meta-analysis of clinical trials and prospective studies.
Clinical impact of simultaneous complete revascularization vs. culprit only primary angioplasty in patients with st-elevation myocardial infarction and multivessel disease: a meta-analysis.
Twenty-six years of meniscal allograft transplantation: is it still experimental? A meta-analysis of 44 trials.
Prevalence of depression, anxiety, and adjustment disorder in oncological, haematological, and palliative-care settings: a meta-analysis of 94 interview-based studies.
Influence of resistance exercise on lean body mass in aging adults: a meta-analysis.
Mediterranean diet and weight loss: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Quantitative assessment of the influence of hematopoietically expressed homeobox  variant (rs1111875) on type 2 diabetes risk.
Autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation for multiple sclerosis: a systematic review.
Emotional perception: meta-analyses of face and natural scene processing.
Meta-analytic evidence for common and distinct neural networks associated with directly experienced pain and empathy for pain.
Neural activity that predicts subsequent memory and forgetting: a meta-analysis of 74 fMRI studies.
Neural structures and mechanisms involved in scene recognition: a review and interpretation.
Association of COMT Val(108/158)Met genotype and cigarette smoking in pregnant women.
Non-soy legume consumption lowers cholesterol levels: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Categorical meta-analysis of Osteopontin as a clinical cancer marker.
Complement factor H Y402H variant and risk of age-related macular degeneration in Asians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sex differences in romantic attachment: a meta-analysis.
Compensating, resisting, and breaking: a meta-analytic examination of reactions to self-esteem threat.
Cancer risk with tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF) inhibitors: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of adalimumab, etanercept, and infliximab using patient level data.
Voluntary quadriceps activation deficits in patients with tibiofemoral osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide and replication association studies on prostate cancer.
Is catechol-O-methyl transferase 472G/A gene polymorphism a marker associated with alcoholism?
Efficacy of the sequential integration of psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy in major depressive disorder: a preliminary meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of behavioral techniques and physical exercise on psychosocial functioning and health-related quality of life in breast cancer patients and survivors--a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of statin treatment for cardiovascular disease: a network meta-analysis of 170,255 patients from 76 randomized trials.
Psychosocial outcomes of telephone-based counseling for adults with an acquired physical disability: A meta-analysis.
Comparison of tiotropium plus formoterol to tiotropium alone in stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
[Using epidemiology and bioinformatics for studying HTLV-1 infection-associated adult T-cell leukemia].
Meta-analysis of systemic lupus erythematosus and the risk of cervical neoplasia.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of Simethicone for gastrointestinal endoscopic visibility.
Diving reflex: can the time course of heart rate reduction be quantified?
Violence in first-episode psychosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functional neural networks of time perception: challenge and opportunity for schizophrenia research.
The efficacy of bisphosphonates in the prevention of vertebral, hip, and nonvertebral-nonhip fractures in osteoporosis: a network meta-analysis.
Performance of commercial herpes simplex virus type-2 antibody tests using serum  samples from Sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recent worldwide sleep patterns and problems during adolescence: a review and meta-analysis of age, region, and sleep.
Are sperm chromatin and DNA defects relevant in the clinic?
Safety and efficacy of triple antithrombotic therapy after percutaneous coronary  intervention in patients needing long-term anticoagulation.
Apixaban versus enoxaparin in patients with total knee arthroplasty. A meta-analysis of randomised trials.
HLA-DR4 antigen and idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 11,761 subjects.
Fetal umbilical artery Doppler to predict compromise of fetal/neonatal wellbeing  in a high-risk population: systematic review and bivariate meta-analysis.
XRCC3 T241M polymorphism and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis on the incidence and risk factors of herpes simplex virus type 2 infection].
[Risk factors of breast cancer in Asian women: a meta-analysis].
[Timing of tracheotomy on the prognosis of patients with prolonged mechanical ventilation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
[Necessity of splenectomy in radical resection of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Relationship between genetic polymorphisms of β2-adrenergic receptor gene and essential hypertension risk among the Han Chinese population: a Meta analysis].
Gene expression meta-analysis identifies VDAC1 as a predictor of poor outcome in  early stage non-small cell lung cancer.
Do patients with schizophrenia have a general or specific deficit in the perception of social threat? A meta-analytic study.
Pressure and volume limited ventilation for the ventilatory management of patients with acute lung injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the clinical value of Astragalus membranaceus in diabetic nephropathy.
Clinical outcomes of active specific immunotherapy in advanced colorectal cancer  and suspected minimal residual colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis and system review.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association scans identifies IL18RAP, PTPN2, TAGAP, and PUS10 as shared risk loci for Crohn's disease and celiac disease.
O6-Methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase protein expression by immunohistochemistry in brain and non-brain systemic tumours: systematic review and meta-analysis of correlation with methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction.
Helicobacter pylori infection and circulating ghrelin levels - a systematic review.
Synopsis and meta-analysis of genetic association studies in osteoporosis for the focal adhesion family genes: the CUMAGAS-OSTEOporosis information system.
Childhood socioeconomic position and objectively measured physical capability levels in adulthood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Detection of silent myocardial ischemia in asymptomatic patients with diabetes: results of a randomized trial and meta-analysis assessing the effectiveness of systematic screening.
Effects of vitamin D supplementation on bone density in healthy children: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption and risk of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
SLC11A1 (NRAMP1) polymorphisms and tuberculosis susceptibility: updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recipient outcomes after ABO-incompatible liver transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary energy density and adiposity: employing bias adjustments in a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Sirolimus- versus paclitaxel-eluting stents in patients with acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Effect of preoperative biliary drainage on malignant obstructive jaundice: a meta-analysis.
Fish consumption and the risk of gastric cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Studies of the association of Arg72Pro of tumor suppressor protein p53 with type  2 diabetes in a combined analysis of 55,521 Europeans.
Cisapride for intestinal constipation.
Cognition-based interventions for healthy older people and people with mild cognitive impairment.
Analgesia in patients with acute abdominal pain.
Gastro-oesophageal reflux treatment for prolonged non-specific cough in children  and adults.
Preoperative intra aortic balloon pumps in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting.
Vitamin A supplementation for reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV infection.
Bile acids for primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Digoxin for preventing or treating neonatal respiratory distress syndrome.
Acupuncture and related interventions for smoking cessation.
Contemporary diagnostic imaging modalities for the staging and surveillance of melanoma patients: a meta-analysis.
Development of a standardized screening rule for tuberculosis in people living with HIV in resource-constrained settings: individual participant data meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in high-risk acute coronary syndromes patients undergoing invasive strategy.
The factor XII -4C>T variant and risk of common thrombotic disorders: A HuGE review and meta-analysis of evidence from observational studies.
Intraoperative frozen section analysis of sentinel lymph nodes in breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis and single-institution experience.
Burden of endemic health-care-associated infection in developing countries: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Potential of magnetic resonance imaging findings to refine case definition for mechanical low back pain in epidemiological studies: a systematic review.
CYP1A1 Ile462Val polymorphism contributes to colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Use of weaning protocols for reducing duration of mechanical ventilation in critically ill adult patients: Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Smoking and multiple sclerosis: an updated meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of prophylactic vaccines against cervical HPV infection and diseases among women: a systematic review & meta-analysis.
Bacterial vaginosis is associated with uterine cervical human papillomavirus infection: a meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular safety of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs: network meta-analysis.
Use of recombinant factor VIIa for the prevention and treatment of bleeding in patients without hemophilia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of tight glycaemic control, during and after cardiac surgery, on patient mortality and morbidity: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Parental and household smoking and the increased risk of bronchitis, bronchiolitis and other lower respiratory infections in infancy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of the Q fever vaccine: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of Dense Genecentric Association Studies Reveals Common and Uncommon Variants Associated with Height.
Nitrates for stable angina: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Corticosteroid and antiviral therapy for Bell's palsy: a network meta-analysis.
Management of chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Association between Helicobacter pylori infection and pancreatic cancer. A cumulative meta-analysis.
[Quantitative evaluation for diagnostic efficacy of computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging in patients with lumbar disc herniation].
A meta-analysis on treatment effects of thiazolidinediones for type 2 diabetes mellitus in Asian populations.
Association between allergies and multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CNR1 gene polymorphisms in addictive disorders: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation in pregnancy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mortality among regular or dependent users of heroin and other opioids: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
A meta-analysis of alcohol toxicology study findings among homicide victims.
Urothelial neoplasms of the urinary bladder occurring in young adult and pediatric patients: a comprehensive review of literature with implications for patient management.
The link between sensation seeking and aggression: a meta-analytic review.
Alcohol-use disorders and depression: results from individual patient data meta-analysis of the acamprosate-controlled studies.
A meta-analysis and investigation for the source of bias of left ventricular volumes and function by three-dimensional echocardiography in comparison with magnetic resonance imaging.
Thiazolidinediones and risk of heart failure in patients with or at high risk of  type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis of placebo-controlled randomized clinical trials.
Milk and dairy consumption and incidence of cardiovascular diseases and all-cause mortality: dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Thalidomide versus bortezomib based regimens as first-line therapy for patients with multiple myeloma: a systematic review.
Prognostic value of white-coat and masked hypertension diagnosed by ambulatory monitoring in initially untreated subjects: an updated meta analysis.
Low-dose aspirin for primary prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between obestatin and ghrelin levels and the ghrelin/obestatin ratio with respect to obesity.
Anti-infective locks for treatment of central line-associated bloodstream infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statins for the prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of orthodontic treatment with functional appliances on mandibular growth in the short term.
Cortical activations during auditory verbal hallucinations in schizophrenia: a coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Critical appraisal and meta-analysis of nasal surgery for obstructive sleep apnea.
Efficacy of short-term chincup therapy for mandibular growth retardation in Class III malocclusion.
Hemochromatosis genotypes and risk of iron overload--a meta-analysis.
Specific immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis to grass and tree pollens in daily medical practice-symptom load with sublingual immunotherapy compared to subcutaneous immunotherapy.
Effects of monounsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular risk factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety of insulin glargine use in pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of pharmacist care in the improvement of adherence to antidepressants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic colorectal surgery is associated with a higher intraoperative complication rate than open surgery.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of surgical scalpel or diathermy in making abdominal skin incisions.
Female gender is an independent prognostic factor in non-small-cell lung cancer:  a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the significance of heterogeneous vancomycin-intermediate Staphylococcus aureus isolates.
HIV type-1 drug resistance in treatment-naive patients monitored using minority species assays: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Network meta-analysis of indomethacin versus ibuprofen versus placebo for PDA in  preterm infants.
Radiochemotherapy versus radiotherapy in locally advanced cervical cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between variants in SORL1 and Alzheimer disease.
Interventions to reduce sexual risk for human immunodeficiency virus in adolescents: a meta-analysis of trials, 1985-2008.
Hyperuricemia and incident hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of community-deliverable exercise on pain and physical function in adults with arthritis and other rheumatic diseases: a meta-analysis.
Abatacept with methotrexate versus other biologic agents in treatment of patients with active rheumatoid arthritis despite methotrexate: a network meta-analysis.
In vitro and in vivo chemosensitizing activity of LFM-A13, a dual-function inhibitor of Bruton's tyrosine kinase and polo-like kinases, against human leukemic B-cell precursors.
Treatment of arterial hypertension in the very elderly: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of soy products consumption in patients with  type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Alcohol consumption and the risk of endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of randomized controlled trials of patch angioplasty versus primary closure and different types of patch materials during carotid endarterectomy.
Endostar combined with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone for advanced NSCLCs: a meta-analysis.
A higher number of circulating tumor cells (CTC) in peripheral blood indicates poor prognosis in prostate cancer patients--a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of ALDH2 variants and esophageal cancer in Asians.
Lateral lymph node dissection with radical surgery versus single radical surgery  for rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
HOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and susceptibility to head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Updated meta-analysis of NFkappaB1 -94ins/Delattg promoter polymorphism and cancer risk based on 19 case-control studies.
No association between the CYP1B1 C4326G polymorphism and endometrial cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 polymorphisms and risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Null genotype of GSTT1 contributes to colorectal cancer risk in Asian populations: evidence from a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln gene polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on case-control studies.
MTHFR gene polymorphisms and bladder cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis including race, smoking status and tumour stage.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 status and the risk of laryngeal cancer: a meta-analysis.
VEGFA+936C/T and -634G/C polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association of the cyclooxygenase 8473 T>C polymorphism with lung cancer: evidence from 9841 subjects.
Effect of HER-2/neu over-expression on prognosis in gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review on the relationship between genetic polymorphisms of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Association of the hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism with increased lung cancer susceptibility in Asians: a meta-analysis of 18 studies including 7592 cases and  8129 controls.
Association between diabetes mellitus and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of  the literature.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between the Metholenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T genetic polymorphism, folate intake and esophageal cancer.
The cyclin D1 G870A polymorphism and colorectal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of 20 populations.
Lack of association between the 8-oxoguanine DNA glycosylase gene Ser326Cys polymorphism and gastric cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The NQO1 C609T polymorphism and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Endostar combined with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone for advanced NSCLCs: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of vandetanib, a dual VEGFR and EGFR inhibitor, in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Arterial endothelial function and wall thickness in familial hypercholesterolemia and familial combined hyperlipidemia and the effect of statins. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antenatal steroids and neonatal outcome after chorioamnionitis: a meta-analysis.
Exploring molecular links between lymph node invasion and cancer prognosis in human breast cancer.
Gender roles, eating pathology, and body dissatisfaction in men: a meta-analysis.
The protective effect of ophthalmic viscoelastic devices on endothelial cell loss during cataract surgery: a meta-analysis using mixed treatment comparisons.
Efficacy of antidepressants and benzodiazepines in minor depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of intraperitoneal local anaesthetic for pain reduction after laparoscopic gastric procedures.
Immunonutrition in gastrointestinal surgery.
ALE meta-analysis on facial judgments of trustworthiness and attractiveness.
Soy isoflavones consumption and risk of breast cancer incidence or recurrence: a  meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The association between two polymorphisms in pre-miRNAs and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between two polymorphisms of ABCB1 and breast cancer risk in the current studies: a meta-analysis.
RAD51 135G>C polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Possible risk modifications in the association between MnSOD Ala-9Val polymorphism and breast cancer risk: subgroup analysis and evidence-based sample  size calculation for a future trial.
VEGF 936C>T polymorphism and breast cancer risk: evidence from 5,729 cases and 5,868 controls.
Lack of association between ATM C.1066-6T > G mutation and breast cancer risk: a  meta-analysis of 8,831 cases and 4,957 controls.
Evidence on the association between NQO1 Pro187Ser polymorphism and breast cancer risk in the current studies: a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase P1 Ile105Val polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 34,658 subjects.
Lack of association between HER2 codon 655 polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: meta-analysis of 22 studies involving 19,341 subjects.
The association of SULT1A1 codon 213 polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: meta-analysis from 16 studies involving 23,445 subjects.
No significant association between the TP53 codon 72 polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 21 studies involving 24,063 subjects.
Lack of an association between AURKA T91A polymorphisms and breast cancer: a meta-analysis involving 32,141 subjects.
RAD51 G135C polymorphism is associated with breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 22,399 subjects.
Surgically placed wound catheters (SPWC) and local anaesthetic infusion in breast surgery: efficacy and safety analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing chemotherapy plus trastuzumab with chemotherapy alone in HER-2-positive advanced breast cancer.
Hip resurfacing versus metal-on-metal total hip arthroplasty - are metal ion levels different?
Perioperative intravenous lidocaine infusion for postoperative pain control: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The population attributable fraction of asthma among Canadian children.
Genome-based prediction of breast cancer risk in the general population: a modeling study based on meta-analyses of genetic associations.
Efficacy of exercise interventions in modulating cancer-related fatigue among adult cancer survivors: a meta-analysis.
Association between NFKB1 -94ins/delATTG promoter polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Fermented and non-fermented soy food consumption and gastric cancer in Japanese and Korean populations: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor prophylaxis in adult cancer patients receiving chemotherapy.
Use of implantable cardioverter-defibrillators for primary prevention in older patients: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Is randomization to placebo safe? Risk in placebo-controlled angina trials: angina risk meta-analysis.
Combination therapy in pulmonary arterial hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy comparison of trimetazidine with therapeutic alternatives in stable angina pectoris: a network meta-analysis.
Effects of exercise training in heart transplant recipients: a meta-analysis.
Comparison between drug-eluting stents and coronary artery bypass grafting for unprotected left main coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of two randomized  trials and thirteen observational studies.
Aortic aneurysms in systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis of 35 cases in  the literature and two different pathogeneses.
Meta-analysis of heat- and chemically upregulated chaperone genes in plant and human cells.
A meta-analysis for comparison of the two-layer and university of Wisconsin pancreas preservation methods in islet transplantation.
Association between angiotensin II type 1 receptor gene polymorphisms and ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
MRI-based neuroanatomical predictors of dysphagia after acute ischemic stroke: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do vascular risk factors explain the association between socioeconomic status and stroke incidence: a meta-analysis.
The impact of enhancing students' social and emotional learning: a meta-analysis  of school-based universal interventions.
Efficacy and safety of carvedilol in treatment of heart failure with chronic kidney disease: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Drug-eluting stents vs. bare metal stents in saphenous vein graft disease. Insights from a meta-analysis of 7,090 patients.
Pirlindole in the treatment of depression: a meta-analysis.
Clinical relevance of switching to a second tumour necrosis factor-alpha inhibitor after discontinuation of a first tumour necrosis factor-alpha inhibitor in rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Effects of exercise training on blood rheology: a meta-analysis.
Do omega-3 fatty acids prevent atrial fibrillation after open heart surgery? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of telehealth treatments for posttraumatic stress-related symptoms: a meta-analysis.
Uric acid as a predictor of all-cause mortality in heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Specific psychological treatment versus treatment as usual in adolescents with self-harm: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Duration of antibiotic therapy for bacteremia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular and renal effects of carperitide and nesiritide in cardiovascular  surgery patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of diabetes on mortality in critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of markers of right ventricular dysfunction in pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
A comparison of early versus late initiation of renal replacement therapy in critically ill patients with acute kidney injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Granulocyte-colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) and granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) for sepsis: a meta-analysis.
Intravenous magnesium sulphate for aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: an updated systemic review and meta-analysis.
Utility and safety of draining pleural effusions in mechanically ventilated patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Invasive ventilation modes in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Paradoxical ventilator associated pneumonia incidences among selective digestive  decontamination studies versus other studies of mechanically ventilated patients: benchmarking the evidence base.
An updated study-level meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials on proning in ARDS and acute lung injury.
Long-term safety from the raltegravir clinical development program.
The effectiveness of two-compound formulation calcipotriol and betamethasone dipropionate gel in the treatment of moderately severe scalp psoriasis: a systematic review of direct and indirect evidence.
Mixed treatment comparison of a two-compound formulation (TCF) product containing calcipotriol and betamethasone dipropionate with other topical treatments in psoriasis vulgaris.
Improving SAR symptoms with levocetirizine: evaluating active and placebo effects in pollen challenge vs. natural exposure studies.
Olive oil and cancer risk: an update of epidemiological findings through 2010.
Incidence and prevention of thromboembolic events in one stage bilateral total hip arthroplasty: a systematic review.
Apolipoprotein E ε4 prevalence in Alzheimer's disease patients varies across global populations: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Effects of vitamin treatment or supplements with purported antioxidant properties on skin cancer prevention: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analyses of developmental fMRI studies investigating typical and atypical trajectories of number processing and calculation.
Association between childhood obesity and subsequent Type 1 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the significance of asymptomatic bacteriuria in diabetes.
Physical activity before and during pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Locus of control and metabolic control of diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Intensive glycaemic control and cancer risk in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of major trials.
Cognitive behavioral therapy in anxiety disorders: current state of the evidence.
Overactive bladder drugs and constipation: a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Surgery versus conservative antibiotic treatment in acute appendicitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Drain versus no-drain after gastrectomy for patients with advanced gastric cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cervical or thoracic anastomosis after esophagectomy for cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Proton pump inhibitors versus histamine-2-receptor antagonists for the management of iatrogenic gastric ulcer after endoscopic mucosal resection or endoscopic submucosal dissection: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Gastric atrophy and intestinal metaplasia before and after Helicobacter pylori eradication: a meta-analysis.
Are rehabilitation and/or care co-ordination interventions delivered in the community effective in reducing depression, facilitating participation and improving quality of life after stroke?
Can progressive resistance strength training reduce physical disability in older  adults? A meta-analysis study.
Risk of hepatic events in patients treated with vancomycin in clinical studies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of proton pump inhibitors on adverse gastrointestinal events in patients  receiving clopidogrel: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Oocyte donation: a risk factor for pregnancy-induced hypertension: a meta-analysis and case series.
Residential exposure to pesticides and childhood leukaemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of inflammation genes with alcohol dependence/abuse: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Optimal timing of coronary angiography and potential intervention in non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes.
Safety of pregnancy following breast cancer diagnosis: a meta-analysis of 14 studies.
Treatment with peginterferon versus interferon in Chinese patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Persistent high-risk human papillomavirus (HPV) infections as surrogate endpoints of progressive cervical disease. Potential new endpoint for efficacy studies with new-generation (non-HPV 16/18) prophylactic HPV vaccines.
Mutation rate estimates for 110 Y-chromosome STRs combining population and father-son pair data.
The additional yield of combined nerve/muscle biopsy in vasculitic neuropathy.
The diagnostic accuracy of US, CT, MRI and 1H-MRS for the evaluation of hepatic steatosis compared with liver biopsy: a meta-analysis.
Interferon-γ release assays for the diagnosis of latent Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interferon-γ release assays for the diagnosis of active tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
EPHX1 polymorphisms, COPD and asthma in 47,000 individuals and in meta-analysis.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists and cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis: traditional Chinese medicine for improving immune response in patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma after transcatheter arterial  chemoembolization.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists versus antagonists for controlled ovarian hyperstimulation in oocyte donors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between socio-psycho-behavioral factors and male semen quality: systematic review and meta-analyses.
A systematic review of the effect of the distension medium on pain during outpatient hysteroscopy.
Phytodolor® in musculoskeletal disorders: re-analysis and meta-analysis.
The role of mild systemic heat and physical activity on endothelial function in patients with increased cardiovascular risk: results from a systematic review.
Quantitative meta-analysis identifies brain regions activated during rectal distension in irritable bowel syndrome.
Efficacy of peer support interventions for depression: a meta-analysis.
Effects of CPAP-respiration on markers of glucose metabolism in patients with obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and review on the effect of bevacizumab in diabetic macular edema.
Accuracy of whole-body PET and PET-CT in initial M staging of head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Enlarged tracheoesophageal puncture after total laryngectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Excellent tolerability but relatively low initial clinical efficacy of telcagepant in migraine.
Impact of clopidogrel loading dose on clinical outcome in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cyclophosphamide plus total body irradiation compared with busulfan plus cyclophosphamide as a conditioning regimen prior to hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in patients with leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between the combined oral contraceptive pill and insulin resistance, dysglycemia and dyslipidemia in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
AMH and AFC as predictors of excessive response in controlled ovarian hyperstimulation: a meta-analysis.
Insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 in PCOS: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tubal ligation and the risk of ovarian cancer: review and meta-analysis.
Role of home blood pressure monitoring in overcoming therapeutic inertia and improving hypertension control: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The -159C/T polymorphism in the CD14 gene and the risk of asthma: a meta-analysis.
Impact of switching from an open to a closed infusion system on rates of central  line-associated bloodstream infection: a meta-analysis of time-sequence cohort studies in 4 countries.
Association of the NFKBIA gene polymorphisms with susceptibility to autoimmune and inflammatory diseases: a meta-analysis.
Early enteral nutrition reduces mortality in trauma patients requiring intensive  care: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Systematic review on the efficacy of fexofenadine in seasonal allergic rhinitis:  a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Coinfection of hepatitis B and C viruses and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of indacaterol 150 μg and 300 μg versus fixed-dose combinations of formoterol + budesonide or salmeterol + fluticasone for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease--a network meta-analysis.
Clinical effectiveness of the Respimat inhaler device in managing chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: evidence when compared with other handheld inhaler devices.
Bone scintigraphy as a diagnostic method in unilateral hyperactivity of the mandibular condyles: a review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Do angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors improve walking distance in patients  with symptomatic lower limb arterial disease? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Routine postoperative administration of vitamin D and calcium after total thyroidectomy: a meta-analysis.
Drug-eluting stents versus bare-metal stents in acute myocardial infarction: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Photodynamic diagnosis of bladder cancer compared with white light cystoscopy: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Selective COX-2 inhibitor versus nonselective COX-1 and COX-2 inhibitor in the prevention of heterotopic ossification after total hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
A meta-analysis of outcomes after routine aspiration of the gallbladder during cholecystectomy.
Diagnosis of invasive fungal disease using serum (1→3)-β-D-glucan: a bivariate meta-analysis.
Antithrombotic drug therapy for IgA nephropathy: a meta analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase G894T gene polymorphism and essential hypertension in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis involving 11,248 subjects.
Transforming growth factor β1 +869T/C gene polymorphism and essential hypertension: a meta-analysis involving 2708 participants in the Chinese population.
Psychosocial preventive interventions to reduce depressive symptoms in low-SES women at risk: a meta-analysis.
BCG vaccination and allergy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of plasma amyloid-β levels in Alzheimer's disease.
Review and meta-analysis of biomarkers and diagnostic imaging in Alzheimer's disease.
Replication of BIN1 association with Alzheimer's disease and evaluation of genetic interactions.
Copper in Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis of serum,plasma, and cerebrospinal fluid studies.
Time-lag bias in trials of pediatric antidepressants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety at work: a meta-analytic investigation of the link between job demands, job resources, burnout, engagement, and safety outcomes.
Complications after minimally invasive total knee arthroplasty as compared with traditional incision techniques: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the use of tranexamic acid in total hip replacement.
Reimplantation versus remodeling: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the cross-cultural psychometric properties of the Screen for Child Anxiety Related Emotional Disorders (SCARED).
The relation between insecure attachment and child anxiety: a meta-analytic review.
A meta-analysis of neuropsychological functioning in patients with early onset schizophrenia and pediatric bipolar disorder.
Diabetes mellitus and breast cancer outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence-based guidelines for determination of sample size and interpretation of  the European Organisation for the Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire Core 30.
Impact of mind body therapies on vascular endothelial dysfunction and implications for cardiovacular disease management.
Ethnic identity and personal well-being of people of color: a meta-analysis.
Thrombolytic therapy for acute ischemic stroke beyond three hours.
Meta-analysis: identification of low birthweight by other anthropometric measurements at birth in developing countries.
Accuracy of in-office nerve conduction studies for median neuropathy: a meta-analysis.
The role of glutamate dehydrogenase for the detection of Clostridium difficile in faecal samples: a meta-analysis.
Discovery and replication of novel blood pressure genetic loci in the Women's Genome Health Study.
The effects of blood pressure reduction and of different blood pressure-lowering  regimens on major cardiovascular events according to baseline blood pressure: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Interleukin 2 receptor α gene polymorphism and risk of multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between brain natriuretic peptide and recurrence of atrial fibrillation after successful electrical cardioversion: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of the minimally invasive and standard medial parapatellar approaches  for total knee arthroplasty: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Marital status and risk for late life depression: a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Dasatinib treatment for imatinib resistant or intolerant patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of bronchial thermoplasty in patients with moderate-to-severe persistent asthma.
Physical activity and risk of cognitive decline: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and skin cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Learning disabilities and anxiety: a meta-analysis.
Modeling the lifetime costs of insulin glargine and insulin detemir in type 1 and type 2 diabetes patients in Canada: a meta-analysis and a cost-minimization analysis.
Microvascular decompression for elderly patients with trigeminal neuralgia: a prospective study and systematic review with meta-analysis.
The fetal safety of benzodiazepines: an updated meta-analysis.
Testosterone and metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis study.
Meta-analysis comparing arthroplasty with internal fixation for displaced femoral neck fracture in the elderly.
Telephone-delivered cognitive behavioural therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of studies on telemonitoring of patients with congestive heart  failure: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of nedaplatin and irinotecan for patients with squamous and nonsquamous cell carcinoma of the lung: meta-analysis of four trials.
Outcomes of proximal versus distal splenic artery embolization after trauma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endovascular repair of traumatic thoracic aortic injury: clinical practice guidelines of the Society for Vascular Surgery.
[New platelet P2Y12 inhibitors versus clopidogrel in percutaneous coronary interventions. a meta-analysis].
Renal function in patients treated with cinacalcet for persistent hyperparathyroidism after kidney transplantation.
Antihypertensive drugs and risk of cancer: network meta-analyses and trial sequential analyses of 324,168 participants from randomised trials.
Risk-benefit assessment of closed intra-abdominal drains after pancreatic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis assessing the current state of evidence.
Primary closure versus T-tube drainage after common bile duct exploration for choledocholithiasis.
What treatment for early-stage glottic carcinoma among adult patients: CO2 endolaryngeal laser excision versus standard fractionated external beam radiation is superior in terms of cost utility?
The association between the PTPN22 C1858T polymorphism and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis update.
TNF-308 gene polymorphism is associated with COPD risk among Asians: meta-analysis of data for 6,118 subjects.
Association between the CCR2-Val64Ile polymorphism and susceptibility to HIV-1 infection: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data of bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder.
Difference between age-related macular degeneration and polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy in the hereditary contribution of the A69S variant of the age-related maculopathy susceptibility 2 gene (ARMS2).
[One-stage bilateral total hip arthroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Volume-targeted versus pressure-limited ventilation for preterm infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
In search of the optimal oxygen saturation for extremely low birth weight infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 polymorphisms and cervical cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The effects of apolipoprotein E on non-impaired cognitive functioning: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of homogeneous subgroups reveals association between PDE4D gene variants and ischemic stroke.
Population incidence of Guillain-Barré syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the management of mood disorders.
Efficacy of antimanic treatments: meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Frontocingulate dysfunction in depression: toward biomarkers of treatment response.
Cognitive motor interference while walking: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relationship between neurocognition and social cognition with functional outcomes in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
[Association of BMI with the beta3 adrenergic receptor gene mutation: a meta-analysis].
Sentinel node mapping in the prostate cancer. Meta-analysis.
Green tea and black tea consumption and prostate cancer risk: an exploratory meta-analysis of observational studies.
The effect of periodontal therapy on preterm low birth weight: a meta-analysis.
Increased risk for abnormal depression scores in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cyclin D1 G870A polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 23,998 subjects.
Prognostic role of vitamin d status and efficacy of vitamin D supplementation in  cancer patients: a systematic review.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of intravenous palonosetron in the prevention of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting in adults.
Effect of exercise training on peak oxygen consumption in patients with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Second-line therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes inadequately controlled with metformin monotherapy: a systematic review and mixed-treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of 1- versus 2-Site Phacotrabeculectomy.
Laser surgery versus radiotherapy for T1-T2N0 glottic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Antidepressants for the treatment of depression in palliative care: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of epidermal growth factor receptor expression on patient survival in pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Does external pancreatic duct stent decrease pancreatic fistula rate after pancreatic resection?: a meta-analysis.
Overweight is an additional prognostic factor in acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Antiplatelet versus anticoagulation therapy after extracardiac conduit Fontan: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of ultrasound in nonpalpable cryptorchidism: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Dose response of inhaled corticosteroids in children with persistent asthma: a systematic review.
Comparison of antidepressant responses in patients with bipolar vs. unipolar depression: a meta-analytic review.
Dermatologic adverse events: golimumab, friend or foe?
Patient satisfaction with musculoskeletal physical therapy care: a systematic review.
Internal fixation of mandibular angle fractures: a meta-analysis.
Early mortality in adults initiating antiretroviral therapy (ART) in low- and middle-income countries (LMIC): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A-6G and A-20C polymorphisms in the angiotensinogen promoter and hypertension risk in Chinese: a meta-analysis.
Influenza vaccination for immunocompromised patients: systematic review and meta-analysis from a public health policy perspective.
A common KIF6 polymorphism increases vulnerability to low-density lipoprotein cholesterol: two meta-analyses and a meta-regression analysis.
Blood vessel invasion as a strong independent prognostic indicator in non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is high resolution melting analysis (HRMA) accurate for detection of human disease-associated mutations? A meta analysis.
Cigarette smoking and p16INK4α gene promoter hypermethylation in non-small cell lung carcinoma patients: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of array-CGH studies implicates antiviral immunity pathways in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma.
The effects of cognitive therapy versus 'no intervention' for major depressive disorder.
The protective role of coastal marshes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between Prostinogen (KLK15) genetic variants and prostate cancer risk and aggressiveness in Australia and a meta-analysis of GWAS data.
Age and gender differences in physical capability levels from mid-life onwards: the harmonisation and meta-analysis of data from eight UK cohort studies.
The effect of hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism on cancer risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Are Helicobacter pylori and other Helicobacter species infection associated with  human biliary lithiasis? A meta-analysis.
Selenium and lung cancer: a systematic review and meta analysis.
An epidemiological reappraisal of the familial aggregation of prostate cancer: a  meta-analysis.
Adjuvant chemotherapy, with or without taxanes, in early or operable breast cancer: a meta-analysis of 19 randomized trials with 30698 patients.
Association of new loci identified in European genome-wide association studies with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in the Japanese.
An integrated transcriptomic and meta-analysis of hepatoma cells reveals factors  that influence susceptibility to HCV infection.
Impact of genetic variation in SORCS1 on memory retention.
Estimated glomerular filtration rate and the risk of major vascular events and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis.
Incidence of influenza in healthy adults and healthcare workers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between variants of the leptin receptor gene (LEPR) and overweight: a systematic review and an analysis of the CoLaus study.
Parathyroid hormone versus bisphosphonate treatment on bone mineral density in osteoporosis therapy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Semantic processing disturbance in patients with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of the N400 component.
Excision repair cross-complementation group 1 (ERCC1) status and lung cancer outcomes: a meta-analysis of published studies and recommendations.
Autism spectrum disorders and schizophrenia: meta-analysis of the neural correlates of social cognition.
Type-specific HPV prevalence in cervical cancer and high-grade lesions in Latin America and the Caribbean: systematic review and meta-analysis.
An integrated meta-analysis of two variants in HOXA1/HOXB1 and their effect on the risk of autism spectrum disorders.
Genetic susceptibility to acute rheumatic fever: a systematic review and meta-analysis of twin studies.
Effect of folic acid supplementation on cardiovascular outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surgery versus watchful waiting in patients with craniofacial fibrous dysplasia--a meta-analysis.
Genomic risk profiling of ischemic stroke: results of an international genome-wide association meta-analysis.
Comparative accuracy of anal and cervical cytology in screening for moderate to severe dysplasia by magnification guided punch biopsy: a meta-analysis.
Knowledge, perceptions and information about hormone therapy (HT) among menopausal women: a systematic review and meta-synthesis.
PTPN22 1858C>T polymorphism distribution in Europe and association with rheumatoid arthritis: case-control study and meta-analysis.
Calcineurin-inhibitor minimization in liver transplant patients with calcineurin-inhibitor-related renal dysfunction: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the immunogenicity and tolerability of pandemic influenza A 2009 (H1N1) vaccines.
An updated meta-analysis of endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene: three well-characterized polymorphisms with hypertension.
Mycobacterium vaccae as adjuvant therapy to anti-tuberculosis chemotherapy in never-treated tuberculosis patients: a meta-analysis.
HIV incidence among men who have sex with men in China: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Widowhood and mortality: a meta-analysis.
HIV and syphilis co-infection increasing among men who have sex with men in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ethnic and mouse strain differences in central corneal thickness and association  with pigmentation phenotype.
Addition of bevacizumab to chemotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metabolic effects of fluoxetine in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Identification of human housekeeping genes and tissue-selective genes by microarray meta-analysis.
Prophylactic activated recombinant factor VII in liver resection and liver transplantation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The TNF-alpha-238 polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Molecular sub-classification of renal epithelial tumors using meta-analysis of gene expression microarrays.
Education as a predictor of chronic periodontitis: a systematic review with meta-analysis population-based studies.
Effectiveness of protease inhibitor monotherapy versus combination antiretroviral maintenance therapy: a meta-analysis.
Strong association of 677 C>T substitution in the MTHFR gene with male infertility--a study on an indian population and a meta-analysis.
Vitamin A and retinoid derivatives for lung cancer: a systematic review and meta  analysis.
Assessing tuberculosis case fatality ratio: a meta-analysis.
Self-guided psychological treatment for depressive symptoms: a meta-analysis.
Trastuzumab in the adjuvant treatment of HER2-positive early breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials.
Shortened telomere length is associated with increased risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association of SULT1A1 R213H polymorphism with colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of abciximab in diabetic patients who underwent percutaneous  coronary intervention with thienopyridines loading: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of drug-resistant tuberculosis in mainland China: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Red and processed meat and colorectal cancer incidence: meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Effects of common polymorphisms rs11614913 in miR-196a2 and rs2910164 in miR-146a on cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Null genotypes of GSTM1 and GSTT1 contribute to risk of cervical neoplasia: an evidence-based meta-analysis.
ACE I/D gene polymorphism can't predict the steroid responsiveness in Asian children with idiopathic nephrotic syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Patients with special needs within treatment under general anesthesia - meta-analysis.
Morphinome--a meta-analysis applied to proteomics studies in morphine dependence.
The influence of delaying judgments of learning on metacognitive accuracy: a meta-analytic review.
Sex differences in impulsivity: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and specificity of computer-assisted cognitive remediation in schizophrenia: a meta-analytical study.
Quality of life in medically ill persons with comorbid mental disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychological treatment for anorexia nervosa: a meta-analysis of standardized mean change.
Intracranial aneurysms in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage: CT angiography as a primary examination tool for diagnosis--systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of icodextrin versus glucose containing peritoneal dialysis in metabolic management of peritoneal dialysis patients.
The relationship between tumor necrosis factor-α polymorphisms and hepatitis C virus infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism of angiotensin-converting enzyme gene in steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome for children: a genetic association study and meta-analysis.
Association between the tumour necrosis factor-α-308G/A polymorphism and chronic  obstructive pulmonary disease: an update.
[Impact of the use of point of care devices on the morbidity and the mortality of patients with oral anticoagulation].
Comparative evaluation of digital mammography and film mammography: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Brain anatomical abnormalities in high-risk individuals, first-episode, and chronic schizophrenia: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of illness progression.
Are cavum septum pellucidum abnormalities more common in schizophrenia spectrum disorders? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
β₂-Agonists and physical performance: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analytic investigation of emotional intelligence and alcohol involvement.
Laparoscopic hepatectomy: a systematic review, meta-analysis, and power analysis.
Prehypertension: a meta-analysis of the epidemiology, risk factors, and predictors of progression.
[Treatment of anxiety disorders in the elderly].
Association of NFKB1 -94ins/delATTG promoter polymorphism with susceptibility to  autoimmune and inflammatory diseases: a meta-analysis.
Cyclooxygenase-2 polymorphisms and susceptibility to esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analyses of intracerebral hematoma treatment.
Additional information from array comparative genomic hybridization technology over conventional karyotyping in prenatal diagnosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between fibroblast growth factor receptor-4 gene polymorphism and risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor genetic polymorphisms and the risk of urolithiasis: a meta-analysis.
Phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors for lower urinary tract symptoms secondary to benign prostatic hyperplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of LHRH agonists in the treatment of metastatic prostate cancer in Italy.
Effect of melatonin on nocturnal blood pressure: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Pregnancy and neonatal outcomes of aboriginal women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
True aneurysms of the posterior communicating artery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data.
[Meta-analysis-based examination regarding the efficacy of angiotensin II receptor blockers and calcium channel blockers in borderline diabetes and diabetes patients].
[Effect of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on pharmacokinetics of methotrexate: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis of pemetrexed plus platinum chemotherapy versus gemcitabine plus platinum chemotherapy for advanced non-small cell lung cancer].
[The influence of high positive end-expiratory pressure ventilation combined with low tidal volume on prognosis of patients with acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome: a Meta-analysis].
[Treatment with interferon and thymosin alpha-1 versus interferon monotherapy for HBeAg positive chronic hepatitis B: a meta-analysis].
[Meta analysis on the association between parental 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and the neural tube defects of their offspring].
[Meta analysis on the relationship between subclinical hypothyroidism and the levels of systolic blood pressure].
The effect of tuberculosis on mortality in HIV positive people: a meta-analysis.
CCL3L1 copy number variation and susceptibility to HIV-1 infection: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of diagnostic test data: a bivariate Bayesian modeling approach.
Meta-analysis of quantitative diffusion-weighted MR imaging in the differential diagnosis of breast lesions.
Obstetric outcomes after treatment of periodontal disease during pregnancy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacological treatment of painful HIV-associated sensory neuropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The prevalence of sexually transmitted infections in Papua New Guinea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of thyroidectomy with ultrasonic dissector versus conventional clamp and tie.
Pervasiveness of the IQ rise: a cross-temporal meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: statin therapy does not alter the association between low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and increased cardiovascular risk.
Association between HLA-DRB1 alleles polymorphism and hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
HIV and hepatitis B and C incidence rates in US correctional populations and high risk groups: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical effectiveness of elective single versus double embryo transfer: meta-analysis of individual patient data from randomised trials.
Meta-analysis of ADH1B and ALDH2 polymorphisms and esophageal cancer risk in China.
Benefit of combination β-blocker and endoscopic treatment to prevent variceal rebleeding: a meta-analysis.
[A meta-analysis of aprepitant for prevention of chemotherapy-induced nausea and  vomiting].
So different, yet so similar: meta-analysis and policy modeling of willingness to participate in clinical trials among Brazilians and Indians.
Meta-analysis of studies of patients in the United Arab Emirates with ST-elevation myocardial infarction treated with thrombolytic agents.
Meta-analysis of genetic variation in DTNBP1 and general cognitive ability.
Position and duration of immobilization after primary anterior shoulder dislocation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Cervical human papillomavirus prevalence in 5 continents: meta-analysis of 1 million women with normal cytological findings.
Dose-dense chemotherapy in nonmetastatic breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Minimal access versus open transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion: meta-analysis  of fusion rates.
A reliability-generalization study of journal peer reviews: a multilevel meta-analysis of inter-rater reliability and its determinants.
Clinical risk factors for age-related macular degeneration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of hormonal treatment duration in combination with radiotherapy for locally advanced prostate cancer: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Vitamin A supplementation for preventing morbidity and mortality in children from 6 months to 5 years of age.
Altered dietary salt intake for preventing and treating diabetic kidney disease.
Consultation letters for medically unexplained physical symptoms in primary care.
Nicotine receptor partial agonists for smoking cessation.
Zinc supplementation for the prevention of pneumonia in children aged 2 months to 59 months.
Corticosteroids for preventing postherpetic neuralgia.
Different powered toothbrushes for plaque control and gingival health.
Micronutrient supplementation in children and adults with HIV infection.
Hyperfractionated or accelerated radiotherapy for head and neck cancer.
Interventions for preventing oral mucositis for patients with cancer receiving treatment.
Prophylactic methylxanthine for prevention of apnoea in preterm infants.
Prophylactic methylxanthines for endotracheal extubation in preterm infants.
Meta-analysis: effect of B-type natriuretic peptide testing on clinical outcomes  in patients with acute dyspnea in the emergency setting.
A large-scale meta-analysis to refine colorectal cancer risk estimates associated with MUTYH variants.
Does carotid intima-media thickness regression predict reduction of cardiovascular events? A meta-analysis of 41 randomized trials.
Association of secondhand smoke exposure with pediatric invasive bacterial disease and bacterial carriage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Characterization of the association between 8q24 and colon cancer: gene-environment exploration and meta-analysis.
Limited value of brain natriuretic peptide as a prognostic marker in acute heart  failure--a meta-analysis.
All cause mortality of cardiac resynchronization therapy with implantable cardioverter defibrillator: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism is associated with proliferative  diabetic retinopathy: a meta-analysis.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily insulin injections in type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Fever is associated with doubling of odds of short-term mortality in ischemic stroke: an updated meta-analysis.
The clinical and radiological outcomes of hip resurfacing versus total hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Methadone dose and neonatal abstinence syndrome-systematic review and meta-analysis.
Time and learning efficiency in Internet-based learning: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Efficacy of HIV prevention interventions in Latin American and Caribbean nations, 1995-2008: a meta-analysis.
Prediction of severe cardiovascular events by VE/VCO2 slope versus peak VO2 in systolic heart failure: a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Which version of the geriatric depression scale is most useful in medical settings and nursing homes? Diagnostic validity meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of transthoracic Doppler echocardiography in pulmonary hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study of suicide attempts in mood disorder patients.
Grey matter volume changes over the whole brain in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A voxel-wise meta-analysis of voxel based morphometry studies.
Review and meta-analysis of couple-oriented interventions for chronic illness.
A meta-analysis of morphological interventions: effects on literacy achievement of children with literacy difficulties.
Emergency physician ultrasonography for evaluating patients at risk for ectopic pregnancy: a meta-analysis.
The role of benzalkonium chloride in the occurrence of punctate keratitis: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled clinical trials.
Prophylactic central neck dissection and local recurrence in papillary thyroid cancer: a meta-analysis.
Surgical sealant for the prevention of prolonged air leak after lung resection: meta-analysis.
[Assessing fluoroquinolones as risk factor for musculoskeletal disorders in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Rs710521[A] on chromosome 3q28 close to TP63 is associated with increased urinary bladder cancer risk.
Coronary artery disease-related genetic variant on chromosome 10q11 is associated with carotid intima-media thickness and atherosclerosis.
Attention bias modification treatment: a meta-analysis toward the establishment of novel treatment for anxiety.
The efficacy of different dose intravenous immunoglobulin in treating acute idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura: a meta-analysis of 13 randomized controlled  trials.
Efficacy and safety of paravertebral blocks in breast surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
n-6 fatty acid-specific and mixed polyunsaturate dietary interventions have different effects on CHD risk: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Combined treatment with cognitive-behavioural therapy in adolescent depression: meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of observational studies on the safety and effectiveness of robotic gynaecological surgery.
Human performance on the temporal bisection task.
Three polymorphisms in interleukin-1β gene and risk for breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association between androgen receptor gene CAG repeat polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) 894 G>T polymorphism is associated with  breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
MTRR A66G polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Haplotype analysis of XRCC1 (at codons 194 and 399) and susceptibility to breast  cancer, a meta-analysis of the literatures.
HER2 Ile655Val polymorphism contributes to breast cancer risk: evidence from 27 case-control studies.
RAD51 135G>C polymorphism contributes to breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 26,444 subjects.
Tobacco use among the elderly: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Increased risk of adenomas in individuals with a family history of colorectal cancer: results of a meta-analysis.
Body mass index, hormone replacement therapy, and endometrial cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Characterization of 9p24 risk locus and colorectal adenoma and cancer: gene-environment interaction and meta-analysis.
Smoking and selected DNA repair gene polymorphisms in controls: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Timing of first-line cancer treatments - early versus late - a systematic review  of phase III randomized trials.
Drug-eluting stents in patients with end-stage renal disease: meta-analysis and systematic review of the literature.
Meta-analysis of stent thrombosis after drug-eluting stent implantation: 4-year follow-up.
Drug-eluting or bare metal stents for the treatment of saphenous vein graft disease: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Problem behavior in children of chronically ill parents: a meta-analysis.
Outcomes of surgical treatment for nonfunctioning pituitary adenomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metabolic and target organ outcomes after total pancreatectomy: Mayo Clinic experience and meta-analysis of the literature.
What's new in atopic eczema? An analysis of systematic reviews published in 2008  and 2009.
Meta-analysis of a possible signal of increased mortality associated with cefepime use.
Thyroxine suppression therapy for benign, non-functioning solitary thyroid nodules: a quality-effects meta-analysis.
Use of hormonal protection for chemotherapy-induced gonadotoxicity.
Internalized homophobia and internalizing mental health problems: a meta-analytic review.
Effectiveness of systemic antifungal prophylaxis in patients with neutropenia after chemotherapy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and tolerability of nicotine  preparations in active ulcerative colitis.
Effectiveness and tolerability of combination treatment of chronic hepatitis C in illicit drug users: meta-analysis of prospective studies.
High-dose renal replacement therapy for acute kidney injury: Systematic review and meta-analysis--addendum.
A meta-analysis of the magnitude of biased attention in depression.
Interactions of dietary whole-grain intake with fasting glucose- and insulin-related genetic loci in individuals of European descent: a meta-analysis  of 14 cohort studies.
The impacts of thiazolidinediones on circulating C-reactive protein levels in different diseases: a meta-analysis.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for the onset of depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Blood and urine cadmium, blood pressure, and hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption as a risk factor for pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
ABO blood group and cancer.
Meta-analysis of the impact of surgical margins on local recurrence in women with early-stage invasive breast cancer treated with breast-conserving therapy.
FGFR4 transmembrane domain polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis including 8555 subjects.
Alcohol consumption as a risk factor for atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
β-glucan from barley and its lipid-lowering capacity: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Tacrolimus versus cyclosporine as primary immunosuppression after heart transplantation: systematic review with meta-analyses and trial sequential analyses of randomised trials.
Does the treatment of spastic equinovarus deformity following stroke with botulinum toxin increase gait velocity? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Constraint-induced movement therapy in stroke patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sacral neuromodulation for neurogenic lower urinary tract dysfunction: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review assessing the effectiveness of interventions to improve persistence with anti-resorptive therapy in women at high risk of clinical fracture.
Serum carbohydrate antigen (CA) 19-9 as a prognostic factor in cholangiocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Serum Helicobacter pylori CagA antibody as a biomarker for gastric cancer in east-Asian countries.
Prokinetics in acute upper GI bleeding: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of sex-specific genome-wide association studies.
A meta-analysis of the effectiveness of health belief model variables in predicting behavior.
Heart-type fatty acid-binding protein in the early diagnosis of acute myocardial  infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Persistence of mortality reduction after the end of randomized therapy in clinical trials of blood pressure-lowering medications.
Systematic review and cost analysis comparing use of chlorhexidine with use of iodine for preoperative skin antisepsis to prevent surgical site infection.
Commentary: All is not what it seems: a systematic review and meta-analysis of quantitative interviewing tools to investigate self-reported HIV and STI-associated behaviours in low- and middle-income countries.
Efficacy of experimental treatments compared with standard treatments in non-inferiority trials: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
War-related stress exposure and mortality: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of perinatal variables in relation to the risk of testicular cancer--experiences of the son.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of quantitative interviewing tools to investigate self-reported HIV and STI associated behaviours in low- and middle-income countries.
Citalopram versus other antidepressants for late-life depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
GSTM1 polymorphism, GSTT1 polymorphism, and cervical cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Hepatitis B/C and HIV in sub-Saharan Africa: an association between highly prevalent infectious diseases. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Microdebrider vs. electrocautery for tonsillectomy: a meta-analysis.
Xp11.2 Translocation renal cell carcinomas have a poorer prognosis than non-Xp11.2 translocation carcinomas in children and young adults: a meta-analysis.
Association of glutathione S-transferases polymorphisms (GSTM1 and GSTT1) with senile cataract: a meta-analysis.
Neurocognitive markers of psychosis in bipolar disorder: a meta-analytic study.
The effectiveness of periodontal disease treatment during pregnancy in reducing the risk of experiencing preterm birth and low birth weight: a meta-analysis.
Importance of appropriate empirical antibiotic therapy for methicillin-resistant  Staphylococcus aureus bacteraemia.
Temporary drainage clamping after total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Factors affecting the apparent efficacy and safety of tissue plasminogen activator in thrombotic occlusion models of stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gabapentin and pregabalin in the treatment of fibromyalgia: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Neuroimaging support for discrete neural correlates of basic emotions: a voxel-based meta-analysis.
Dialectical behavior therapy for borderline personality disorder: a meta-analysis using mixed-effects modeling.
Motivational interviewing for smoking cessation: a meta-analytic review.
The effect of statins on mortality from severe infections and sepsis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mealtime interactions in families of a child with cystic fibrosis: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of percutaneous nephrolithotomy for patients  in the supine versus prone position.
Endograft collapse after thoracic endovascular aortic repair.
Castleman's disease in the head and neck region: Meta-analysis of reported cases  in Taiwan and literature review.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association scans for genetic susceptibility to endometriosis in Japanese population.
Effect of isometric exercise on resting blood pressure: a meta analysis.
Predictors of clinical outcome after stent placement in atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Efficacy of whole-cell killed bacterial vaccines in preventing pneumonia and death during the 1918 influenza pandemic.
Cervicovaginal fetal fibronectin for the prediction of spontaneous preterm birth  in multiple pregnancies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of visual inspection with acetic acid (VIA) for cervical cancer screening: a systematic review.
An estimate of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis heritability using twin data.
Multiple sclerosis and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
P53 immunoexpression as a prognostic marker for human astrocytomas: a meta-analysis and review of the literature.
Silicone intubation and endoscopic dacryocystorhinostomy: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic vs open varicocelectomy in children and adolescents: review of the recent literature and meta-analysis.
Association between chronic periodontal disease and obesity: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
The relationship between social-cultural attitudes and behavioral measures of cognitive style: a meta-analytic integration of studies.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors provide significant lower re-hospitalization rates in patients recovering from acute coronary syndromes: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Olanzapine in the long-term treatment of bipolar disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Virtual colonoscopy meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy, indications and conditions of use. Short text of technological evaluation report].
The Driver Behaviour Questionnaire as a predictor of accidents: a meta-analysis.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase polymorphisms and erectile dysfunction: a meta-analysis.
The role of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 as a prognostic factor in lung cancer: a meta-analysis of published data.
Camptothecins compared with etoposide in combination with platinum analog in extensive stage small cell lung cancer: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Effect of proton pump inhibitors on clinical outcome in patients treated with clopidogrel: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of clinical studies of statins for prevention of abdominal aortic aneurysm expansion.
Drug-eluting stents versus bare-metal stents in saphenous vein graft interventions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of open versus arthroscopic Bankart repair using suture anchors.
Meningococcal carriage by age: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MTHFR C677T polymorphisms and childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Effect of diacylglycerol supplementation on fasting serum triacylglycerol concentration: a meta-analysis.
The CYP1B1 Leu432Val polymorphism contributes to lung cancer risk: evidence from  6501 subjects.
Association between EGF promoter polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
TGFB1 509 C/T polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Prophylaxis with itraconazole is more effective than prophylaxis with fluconazole in neutropenic patients with hematological malignancies: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
VEGF -460C>T polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of type 2 diabetes by dietary patterns: a systematic review of prospective studies and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide meta-analysis increases to 71 the number of confirmed Crohn's disease susceptibility loci.
Thirty new loci for age at menarche identified by a meta-analysis of genome-wide  association studies.
Common variants in 22 loci are associated with QRS duration and cardiac ventricular conduction.
Distinct functional connectivity associated with lateral versus medial rostral prefrontal cortex: a meta-analysis.
Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis: a long-term prospective study and meta-analysis.
A review and meta-analysis of red and processed meat consumption and breast cancer.
Association of anticardiolipin antibodies with preeclampsia: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Safety of pregnancy after primary breast carcinoma in young women: a meta-analysis to overcome bias of healthy mother effect studies.
The use of continuous passive motion following knee cartilage defect surgery: a systematic review.
Effect of whole-body vibration on BMD: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence for and against urinary prophylaxis in vesicoureteral reflux.
Drug consumption and air pollution: an overview.
Use of multiple international healthcare databases for the detection of rare drug-associated outcomes: a pharmacoepidemiological programme comparing rosuvastatin with other marketed statins.
Comparative efficacy of echinocandins and nonechinocandins for the treatment of Candida parapsilosis Infections: a meta-analysis.
Herbal interventions for chronic asthma in adults and children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is guided self-help as effective as face-to-face psychotherapy for depression and anxiety disorders? A systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative outcome studies.
Diagnostic imaging of colorectal liver metastases with CT, MR imaging, FDG PET, and/or FDG PET/CT: a meta-analysis of prospective studies including patients who  have not previously undergone treatment.
Role of noninvasive ventilation in acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome: a proportion meta-analysis.
[Medicinal plants for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder: a review of  controlled clinical studies].
Low back pain symptoms show a similar pattern of improvement following a wide range of primary care treatments: a systematic review of randomized clinical trials.
The effectiveness of anti-TNF-alpha therapies when used sequentially in rheumatoid arthritis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tamsulosin as adjunctive treatment after shockwave lithotripsy in patients with upper urinary tract stones: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
A case-control study and meta-analysis of association between a common copy number variation of the glutathione S-transferase mu 1 (GSTM1) gene and schizophrenia.
Gene-wide association study between the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene  (MTHFR) and schizophrenia in the Japanese population, with an updated meta-analysis on currently available data.
The recidivism rates of female sexual offenders are low: a meta-analysis.
The use of exogenous melatonin in delayed sleep phase disorder: a meta-analysis.
The relationships between sex, age, geography and time in bed in adolescents: a meta-analysis of data from 23 countries.
Correlates and consequences of internalized stigma for people living with mental  illness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Band slippage and erosion after laparoscopic gastric banding: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopy or not: a meta-analysis of the surgical effects of laparoscopic versus open appendicectomy.
Impact of surgeon volume on outcomes of rectal cancer surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatments for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation: a network meta-analysis  and indirect comparisons versus dabigatran etexilate.
PLA2G7 gene polymorphisms and coronary heart disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between +61G polymorphism of the EGF gene and glioma risk in different ethnicities: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-2 receptor antagonists in liver transplantation: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Transvaginal ultrasonographic measurement of cervical length as a predictor of preterm birth: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis evaluating the relative efficacy of nucleos(t)ides for treatment of nucleos(t)ide-naive patients with chronic hepatitis B.
Outcomes of staple fixation of mesh versus nonfixation in laparoscopic total extraperitoneal inguinal repair: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Elective open versus laparoscopic sigmoid colectomy for diverticular disease: a meta-analysis with the Sigma trial.
[Meta analysis on acupuncture treatment of aphasia].
[meta-analysis of serum tumor markers in lung cancer].
[Diagnostic value of ProGRP and NSE for small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Linezolid versus vancomycin in the treatment of pneumonia caused by Gram-positive cocci: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials].
[Systematic review of penetrating keratoplasty rejection treated by immunosuppressants].
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy for advanced gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
ELISA versus PCR for diagnosis of chronic Chagas disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Early Prevention of Obesity in CHildren (EPOCH) Collaboration--an individual  patient data prospective meta-analysis.
How large are the nonspecific effects of acupuncture? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cyclooxygenase-2 polymorphisms and susceptibility to gastric carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of pleural fluid NT-pro-BNP for pleural effusions of cardiac  origin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Survival and prognostic factors of early childhood medulloblastoma: an international meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of cortical bone mineral density unravels allelic heterogeneity at the RANKL locus and potential pleiotropic effects on bone.
Diagnosis, microbial epidemiology, and antibiotic treatment of acute otitis media in children: a systematic review.
Common genetic variation in the Estrogen Receptor Beta (ESR2) gene and osteoarthritis: results of a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of cytokines in Alzheimer's disease.
Lymphedema beyond breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cancer-related secondary lymphedema.
Continued chemotherapy after complete response to primary therapy among women with advanced ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of residential dampness and mold with respiratory tract infections and bronchitis: a meta-analysis.
Estimating the attributable fraction for melanoma: a meta-analysis of pigmentary  characteristics and freckling.
Entry and retention in medical care among HIV-diagnosed persons: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of more intensive lowering of LDL cholesterol: a meta-analysis of data from 170,000 participants in 26 randomised trials.
Active cycle of breathing technique for cystic fibrosis.
Pain relief for outpatient hysteroscopy.
Probiotics for treating persistent diarrhoea in children.
Pharmacological treatments for fatigue associated with palliative care.
Stage-based interventions for smoking cessation.
Volume-targeted versus pressure-limited ventilation in the neonate.
Addition of drug/s to a chemotherapy regimen for metastatic breast cancer.
Prophylactic mastectomy for the prevention of breast cancer.
Acupuncture for functional recovery after stroke: a systematic review of sham-controlled randomized clinical trials.
[Accuracy of MR perfusion weighted imaging for cerebral glioma grading: a meta-analysis].
Chest-compression-only versus standard cardiopulmonary resuscitation: a meta-analysis.
Tooth loss and oral health-related quality of life: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of vitamin E on stroke subtypes: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Laparoscopic versus conventional appendectomy--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: age and effectiveness of prophylactic implantable cardioverter-defibrillators.
Prioritizing genes associated with prostate cancer development.
New P2Y12 inhibitors versus clopidogrel in percutaneous coronary intervention: a  meta-analysis.
A review and meta-analysis of prospective studies of red and processed meat intake and prostate cancer.
[Alcohol intake and stroke in Eastern Asian men:a systemic review and meta-analysis of 17 prospective cohort studies].
Are airbags a dangerous safety measure? A meta-analysis of the effects of frontal airbags on driver fatalities.
Ultrasound scan and magnetic resonance imaging for the diagnosis of adenomyosis:  systematic review comparing test accuracy.
The need for breast cancer screening in women undergoing elective breast surgery: an assessment of risk and risk factors for breast cancer in young women.
Does the 'Otago exercise programme' reduce mortality and falls in older adults?:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of CT angiography and CT perfusion for cerebral vasospasm: a  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the effects of Saccharomyces boulardii supplementation on Helicobacter pylori eradication rates and side effects during treatment.
Meta-analysis: the association of oesophageal adenocarcinoma with symptoms of gastro-oesophageal reflux.
Meta-analysis: insulin sensitizers for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Meta-analysis: reduction in hepatic events following interferon-alfa therapy of chronic hepatitis B.
A contemporary meta-analysis of gender differences in mortality after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness and safety of catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation in patients with versus without left ventricular systolic dysfunction.
Caffeine consumption during pregnancy and risk of preterm birth: a meta-analysis.
Fish consumption and prostate cancer risk: a review and meta-analysis.
Accruing evidence on benefits of adherence to the Mediterranean diet on health: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Smoking cessation interventions among Hispanics in the United States: A systematic review and mini meta-analysis.
Prevention of cardiovascular disease utilizing fibrates--a pooled meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of prolonged use of unfractionated heparin after percutaneous coronary intervention.
Femoral nerve block improves analgesia outcomes after total knee arthroplasty: a  meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Minimally invasive measurement of cardiac output during surgery and critical care: a meta-analysis of accuracy and precision.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of rituximab-based immunochemotherapy for subtypes of diffuse large B cell lymphoma.
The TCF7L2 diabetes risk variant is associated with HbA₁(C) levels: a genome-wide association meta-analysis.
Serum C reactive protein levels and genetic variation in the CRP gene are not associated with the prevalence, incidence or progression of osteoarthritis independent of body mass index.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy of appropriate empiric antibiotic therapy for sepsis.
Variants of arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein (ALOX5AP) gene and risk of coronary heart disease: A meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic vs open hepatic resection for benign and malignant tumors: An updated meta-analysis.
Interleukin-10 gene polymorphisms in association with susceptibility to chronic hepatitis C virus infection: a meta-analysis study.
The relationship between plasma angiopoietin-like protein 4 levels, angiopoietin-like protein 4 genotype, and coronary heart disease risk.
Outcomes and risks of operative treatment of rupture of the anterior cruciate ligament in children and adolescents.
Genetic variation in complement factor H and risk of coronary heart disease: eight new studies and a meta-analysis of around 48,000 individuals.
The pharmacogenetics of antidepressant-induced mania: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pregabalin versus gabapentin in partial epilepsy: a meta-analysis of dose-response relationships.
Are psychoeducational smoking cessation interventions for coronary heart disease  patients effective? Meta-analysis of interventions.
Early intervention services, cognitive-behavioural therapy and family intervention in early psychosis: systematic review.
Integration of subclassification strategies in randomised controlled clinical trials evaluating manual therapy treatment and exercise therapy for non-specific  chronic low back pain: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of intraoperative povidone-iodine application to prevent surgical-site infection.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of preoperative antisepsis with chlorhexidine versus povidone-iodine in clean-contaminated surgery.
Fertility drugs and the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis and review.
Meta-analysis of two ERCC2 (XPD) polymorphisms, Asp312Asn and Lys751Gln, in breast cancer.
Quantitative assessment of the effect of FGFR2 gene polymorphism on the risk of breast cancer.
Association of a TGF-β1 gene -509 C/T polymorphism with breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Transforming growth factorβ1 L10P variant plays an active role on the breast cancer susceptibility in Caucasian: evidence from 10,392 cases and 11,697 controls.
The p21 Ser31Arg polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 51,236 subjects.
GPX1 Pro198Leu polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Current evidence on the relationship between three polymorphisms in the FGFR2 gene and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of TGFB1 -509 C>T polymorphism with breast cancer: evidence from a meta-analysis involving 23,579 subjects.
The association between two polymorphisms of eNOS and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
XPD Lys751Gln polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 28,709 subjects.
A meta-analysis of alcohol intake and risk of bladder cancer.
Exposure to diagnostic radiological procedures and the risk of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Meta-analysis of human papillomavirus infection concordance.
Metformin and cancer risk in diabetic patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Can chemotherapy concomitantly delivered with radiotherapy improve survival of patients with resectable rectal cancer? A meta-analysis of literature data.
Sex hormone receptor gene polymorphisms and migraine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
5-HTTLPR polymorphism in the serotonin transporter gene and migraine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reading networks at rest.
Irinotecan or oxaliplatin combined with 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin as first-line therapy for advanced colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction on biomechanical features of  knee in level walking: a meta-analysis.
Impact of elevated cystatin C level on cardiovascular disease risk in predominantly high cardiovascular risk populations: a meta-analysis.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass vs percutaneous coronary intervention. Therapeutic strategies for 3-vessel coronary artery disease: OPCAB vs PCI(PCI-Side).
A systematic review and meta-analysis of pregnancy outcomes in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and lupus nephritis.
Children with cerebral palsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis on gait and electrical stimulation.
Transdermal scopolamine for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preoperative chemoradiation vs radiation alone for stage II and III resectable rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Procalcitonin-guided algorithms of antibiotic therapy in the intensive care unit: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Stress ulcer prophylaxis in the new millennium: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of a partially hydrolysed 100%-whey infant formula vs. extensively  hydrolysed infant formulas in the prevention of atopic dermatitis.
Duloxetine treatment and glycemic controls in patients with diagnoses other than  diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain: a meta-analysis.
Why what we teach depends on when: grade and reading intervention modality moderate effect size.
Mapping numerical processing, reading, and executive functions in the developing  brain: an fMRI meta-analysis of 52 studies including 842 children.
Telephone follow-up to improve glycaemic control in patients with Type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials.
Sugar-sweetened beverages and risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The use of self-expanding stents in esophageal and gastroesophageal junction cancer palliation: a meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis of outcomes.
Minimally invasive versus open esophagectomy: meta-analysis of outcomes.
Laxatives as a risk factor for iatrogenic falls in elderly subjects: myth or reality?
Coherence motion perception in developmental dyslexia: a meta-analysis of behavioral studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the discriminatory performance of risk prediction rules in febrile neutropaenic episodes in children and young people.
Comparative efficacy and overall safety of different doses of consensus interferon for treatment of chronic HCV infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rivaroxaban versus enoxaparin for thromboprophylaxis after total hip or knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of timolol on diurnal and nighttime intraocular pressure and blood  pressure.
Exposure to low-dose radiation and the risk of breast cancer among women with a familial or genetic predisposition: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of prophylactic implantation of cardioverter-defibrillators without cardiac resynchronization therapy in patients with ischaemic or non-ischaemic heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Oral contraceptive pretreatment significantly reduces ongoing pregnancy likelihood in gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist cycles: an updated meta-analysis.
Vaginal progesterone gel for luteal phase support in IVF/ICSI cycles: a meta-analysis.
Atrial septal defect closure is associated with a reduced prevalence of atrial tachyarrhythmia in the short to medium term: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Microsimulation and clinical outcomes analysis support a lower age threshold for  use of biological valves.
Timing of invasive treatment after fibrinolysis in ST elevation myocardial infarction--a meta-analysis of immediate or early routine versus deferred or ischemia-guided randomised controlled trials.
A review and meta-analysis of studies on the effect and timing of β-blocker administration in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.
Evidence for CRHR1 in multiple sclerosis using supervised machine learning and meta-analysis in 12,566 individuals.
The presence of isolated tumor cells and micrometastases in the intrathoracic lymph nodes of patients with lung cancer is not associated with decreased survival.
Individual patient data meta-analysis of randomized evidence to assess the effectiveness of laparoscopic uterosacral nerve ablation in chronic pelvic pain.
Inhibin B and anti-Mullerian hormone as markers of persistent spermatogenesis in  men with non-obstructive azoospermia: a meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy studies.
Predictive factors in in vitro fertilization (IVF): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of isoflavones on breast density in pre- and post-menopausal women: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A46G and C79G polymorphisms in the β2-adrenergic receptor gene (ADRB2) and essential hypertension risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of the angiotensin II type I receptor gene +1166 A>C polymorphism with hypertension risk: evidence from a meta-analysis of 16474 subjects.
Tolerability of paliperidone: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Genetic variation of PSCA gene is associated with the risk of both diffuse- and intestinal-type gastric cancer in a Chinese population.
Tattooing and the risk of transmission of hepatitis C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
PFAPA syndrome in children: A meta-analysis on surgical versus medical treatment.
Diagnostic value of adenosine deaminase in cerebrospinal fluid for tuberculous meningitis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic investigation of the structure of posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms.
Diagnostic validity of the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) in cancer and palliative settings: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic surgery for gastric cancer: a collective review with meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Prevention of parastomal herniation with biologic/composite prosthetic mesh: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effectiveness of the ultrasound bladder scanner in reducing urinary tract infections: a meta-analysis.
Outcome of endodontic surgery: a meta-analysis of the literature--part 1: Comparison of traditional root-end surgery and endodontic microsurgery.
Effect of conventional interferon-α in patients with HBeAg-positive chronic hepatitis B: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Patency and clinical outcomes of transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt with polytetrafluoroethylene-covered stents versus bare stents: a meta-analysis.
Ferroportin disease: a systematic meta-analysis of clinical and molecular findings.
Polymorphisms of the endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene in breast cancer: a genetic association study and meta-analysis.
Evaluating 24-h antihypertensive efficacy by the smoothness index: a meta-analysis of an ambulatory blood pressure monitoring database.
Lactitol or lactulose in the treatment of chronic constipation: result of a systematic.
Hepatitis B virus kinetics under antiviral therapy sheds light on differences in  hepatitis B e antigen positive and negative infections.
Inhibitory control and psychopathology: a meta-analysis of studies using the stop signal task.
Stop blaming the victim: a meta-analysis on rape myths.
Administration of thiazolidinediones for neuroprotection in ischemic stroke: a pre-clinical systematic review.
Smoking and the risk of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Factors affecting outcome following treatment of patients with cavernous sinus meningiomas.
Meta-analysis of fall-risk tools in hospitalized adults.
Neuroimaging of love: fMRI meta-analysis evidence toward new perspectives in sexual medicine.
The humoral response after laparoscopic versus open colorectal surgery: a meta-analysis.
DNA repair gene X-ray repair cross complementing group 1 Arg194Trp polymorphism on the risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis on 22 studies.
Effectiveness of pharmacist-participated warfarin therapy management: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does the clinical presentation and extent of venous thrombosis predict likelihood and type of recurrence? A patient-level meta-analysis.
Safety and benefits of protamine administration to revert anticoagulation soon after coronary angioplasty. A meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of outcomes of hydration intervention on phonation threshold pressure.
HIV status in discordant couples in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maintenance or consolidation therapy in small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A review and meta-analysis of utility values for lung cancer.
The effectiveness of self-directed learning in health professions education: a systematic review.
Isoflavones versus hormone therapy for reduction of vertebral fracture risk: indirect comparison.
Positive end-expiratory pressure, prone positioning, and activated protein C: a critical review of meta-analyses.
A pathway-based gene signature correlates with therapeutic response in adult patients with Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
[Efficacy and safety of amiodarone and metoprolol in the treatment of ventricular premature beats: a meta-analysis].
Implicit timing activates the left inferior parietal cortex.
Meta-analysis of cancer gene expression signatures reveals new cancer genes, SAGE tags and tumor associated regions of co-regulation.
Long-term changes in blood pressure following orlistat and sibutramine treatment: a meta-analysis.
The oncogenic potential of endometrial polyps: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The intraocular pressure-lowering effect of prostaglandin analogs combined with topical β-blocker therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol drinking and laryngeal cancer: overall and dose-risk relation--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of single-nucleotide polymorphisms in HLA class II/III region with knee osteoarthritis.
Poor bisphosphonate adherence for treatment of osteoporosis increases fracture risk: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychological treatments for fibromyalgia: a meta-analysis.
Smoking as a cofactor for causation of chronic pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Role of ulinastatin in preventing post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis: the Emperor's New Clothes or Aladdin's Magic Lamp?
A systematic review and meta-analysis of Hirschsprung's disease presenting after  childhood.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of enterocolitis after one-stage transanal pull-through procedure for Hirschsprung's disease.
Effects of resistance training in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Birth order and risk taking in athletics: a meta-analysis and study of major league baseball.
Is antibiotic use a risk factor for breast cancer? A meta-analysis.
Pharmacogenetics of controlled ovarian hyperstimulation: time to corroborate the  clinical utility of FSH receptor genetic markers.
Polymorphisms of the HTR2C gene and antipsychotic-induced weight gain: an update  and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials of intravenous fluid therapy in major elective open abdominal surgery: getting the balance right.
[Psychological treatment of physical maltreatment and negligence in children and  adolescents: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of medical and non-medical treatments of the prodromal phase of psychotic illness in at-risk mental states.
New trends in gender and mathematics performance: a meta-analysis.
An other perspective on personality: meta-analytic integration of observers' accuracy and predictive validity.
Maternal work early in the lives of children and its distal associations with achievement and behavior problems: a meta-analysis.
Association of the 5- HTTLPR genotype and unipolar depression: a meta-analysis.
Depression and cancer mortality: a meta-analysis.
[Incidence of breast cancer in women with multiple sclerosis: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational cohort studies].
Meta-analysis of tight control strategies in rheumatoid arthritis: protocolized treatment has additional value with respect to the clinical outcome.
Rate of cannabis use disorders in clinical samples of patients with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Neurological soft signs in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Head-to-head comparisons of metabolic side effects of second generation antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of racial disparities in prenatal care in California: How much? Does insurance matter?
Effects of magnetic resonance imaging signal change in myelopathic patients: a meta-analysis.
Early mobilization after stroke: an example of an individual patient data meta-analysis of a complex intervention.
Impact of microalbuminuria on incident stroke: a meta-analysis.
The effects of resistance training on quality of life in cancer: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Does precut technique improve selective bile duct cannulation or increase post-ERCP pancreatitis rate? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Staple line reinforcement in laparoscopic bariatric surgery: does it actually make a difference? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of the relationship between polymorphisms of 399 point of X-ray repair cross complementing gene group 1 and hepatocellular carcinoma].
A meta-analysis of relationship between birth weight and cord blood leptin levels in newborns.
[Systematic review on the short-term efficacy and safety of nicorandil for stable angina pectoris in comparison with those of β-blockers, nitrates and calcium antagonists].
[Ambroxol for the prevention of respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants: a meta analysis].
[A meta analysis of aidi injection plus taxotere and cisplatin in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer].
[Meta-analysis on interleukin-4 receptor α chain Q576R gene polymorphisms and bronchial asthma susceptibility].
[The role of medical antireflux in asthmatics with gastroesophageal reflux:a systematic review].
[A meta-analysis of clinical outcomes after laparoscopic operation for rectal cancer].
[Systematic review on safety and efficacy of laparoscopy-assisted distal gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection for gastric cancer].
[Alcohol consumption and coronary heart disease in Eastern Asian men: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies].
Reduction of diabetes risk in routine clinical practice: are physical activity and nutrition interventions feasible and are the outcomes from reference trials replicable? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reduced-function CYP2C19 genotype and risk of adverse clinical outcomes among patients treated with clopidogrel predominantly for PCI: a meta-analysis.
ADH1B Arg47His polymorphism is associated with esophageal cancer risk in high-incidence Asian population: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The PstI/RsaI and DraI polymorphisms of CYP2E1 and head and neck cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 21 case-control studies.
Shenqi fuzheng, an injection concocted from Chinese medicinal herbs, combined with platinum-based chemotherapy for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of FKBP5 gene polymorphisms association with treatment response in  patients with mood disorders.
Association between red blood cell transfusions and development of non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Five-year long-term outcomes of laparoscopic surgery for colon cancer.
Tricyclic antidepressants and headaches: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Patient-level meta-analysis: effect of measurement timing, threshold, and patient age on ability of D-dimer testing to assess recurrence risk after unprovoked venous thromboembolism.
Effect of early surgery after hip fracture on mortality and complications: systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Factors influencing patient compliance in colorectal cancer screening: qualitative research synthesis].
Differential white blood cell count and type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of cross-sectional and prospective studies.
Meta-analysis of incidence, clinical characteristics and implications of stent fracture.
The role of concurrent chemoradiotherapy in the treatment of locoregionally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma among endemic population: a meta-analysis of the phase III randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of neutralizing antibody conversion with onabotulinumtoxinA (BOTOX®) across multiple indications.
WHO grade-specific comparative genomic hybridization pattern of astrocytoma - a meta-analysis.
Preconception care for diabetic women for improving maternal and fetal outcomes:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of increased dose of exercise-based therapies to enhance motor recovery after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Computer therapy for the anxiety and depressive disorders is effective, acceptable and practical health care: a meta-analysis.
Reboxetine for acute treatment of major depression: systematic review and meta-analysis of published and unpublished placebo and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor controlled trials.
[Effects of high volume hemofiltration on mortality in patients with septic shock: a meta-analysis].
Effects of lowering homocysteine levels with B vitamins on cardiovascular disease, cancer, and cause-specific mortality: Meta-analysis of 8 randomized trials involving 37 485 individuals.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for treating acute surgical and traumatic wounds.
Telehealthcare for asthma.
Effects of communicating DNA-based disease risk estimates on risk-reducing behaviours.
Hand assisted laparoscopic surgery versus conventional laparoscopy for colorectal surgery.
Interval debulking surgery for advanced epithelial ovarian cancer.
Opiate treatment for opiate withdrawal in newborn infants.
Sedatives for opiate withdrawal in newborn infants.
Hypnotherapy for smoking cessation.
Vaginal misoprostol for cervical ripening and induction of labour.
PGC-1α, a potential therapeutic target for early intervention in Parkinson's disease.
Association analysis of PALB2 and BRCA2 in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia in  a scandinavian case-control sample.
Testing for genetic association between the ZDHHC8 gene locus and susceptibility  to schizophrenia: An integrated analysis of multiple datasets.
The Bipolar Association Case-Control Study (BACCS) and meta-analysis: No association with the 5,10-Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene and bipolar disorder.
LOC387715/HTRA1 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to age-related macular degeneration: A HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Association between the Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 +49G > A polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Suicide in Australia: meta-analysis of rates and methods of suicide between 1988  and 2007.
Computerized virtual patients in health professions education: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of magnetic resonance imaging in the detection of appendicitis in adults: a meta-analysis.
Carbamylated monomeric allergoids as a therapeutic option for sublingual immunotherapy of dust mite- and grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: a systematic review of published trials with a meta-analysis of treatment using Lais® tablets.
Patterns of muscle strength loss with age in the general population and patients  with a chronic inflammatory state.
Age, gender and diabetic status are associated with effects of bone marrow cell therapy on recovery of left ventricular function after acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: re-treatment of genotype I hepatitis C nonresponders and relapsers after failing interferon and ribavirin combination therapy.
Meta-analysis: isosorbide-mononitrate alone or with either beta-blockers or endoscopic therapy for the management of oesophageal varices.
Meta-analysis: ribavirin plus interferon vs. interferon monotherapy for chronic hepatitic C - an updated Cochrane review.
Meta-analysis: interferon improves outcomes following ablation or resection of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Prevalence and correlates of self-reported sexual dysfunction in CKD: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Stapler vs suture closure of pancreatic remnant after distal pancreatectomy: a meta-analysis.
Sexual risk reduction interventions for patients attending sexually transmitted disease clinics in the United States: a meta-analytic review, 1986 to early 2009.
Accuracy and quality of clinical decision rules for syncope in the emergency department: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serious infections in patients with ankylosing spondylitis with and without TNF blockers: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled  trials.
Withdrawal of disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery versus percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized studies.
Pityriasis versicolor: a systematic review of interventions.
A meta-analysis of depression during pregnancy and the risk of preterm birth, low birth weight, and intrauterine growth restriction.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 gene polymorphism and gastric cancer risk: an updated analysis.
Vascular endothelial growth factor +936C/T and +405G/C polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of diagnostic ultrasound in patients with suspected subacromial disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Homocysteine in vascular Behcet disease: a meta-analysis.
Psychological interventions for rheumatoid arthritis: examining the role of self-regulation with a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Similar effects of disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs, glucocorticoids, and biologic agents on radiographic progression in rheumatoid arthritis: meta-analysis of 70 randomized placebo-controlled or drug-controlled studies, including 112 comparisons.
Treatment with peginterferon versus interferon in Chinese patients with hepatitis B.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of raloxifene on all clinical and vertebral fractures and its dependency on FRAX.
Validity of British Thoracic Society guidance (the CRB-65 rule) for predicting the severity of pneumonia in general practice: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reducing the risk of infection in the elderly by dietary intake of yoghurt fermented with Lactobacillus delbrueckii ssp. bulgaricus OLL1073R-1.
TGF-β1 29T/C polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 25,996 subjects.
Adult weight gain in relation to breast cancer risk by estrogen and progesterone  receptor status: a meta-analysis.
Effect of obesity on survival of women with breast cancer: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
NAT2 polymorphisms combining with smoking associated with breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
TGFB1 T29C polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 10,417 cases and 11,455 controls.
Testicular microlithiasis predicts concurrent testicular germ cell tumors and intratubular germ cell neoplasia of unclassified type in adults: a meta-analysis  and systematic review.
Immunoglobulin E and cancer: a meta-analysis and a large Swedish cohort study.
Maternal body mass index and risk of testicular cancer in male offspring: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Occupational exposure to gasoline and the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a review  and meta-analysis of the literature.
Glutathione S-transferase T1 gene deletion polymorphism and lung cancer risk in Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Different effects of thiazolidinediones on target vessel revascularization with bare metal stents: a meta-analysis.
Surgical Maze procedure as a treatment for atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of late course accelerated hyperfractionated radiotherapy combined  with FP chemotherapy for esophageal carcinoma.
Literature analysis of radiotherapy for esophageal cancer in China.
Intensive glycemic control and macrovascular events in type 2 diabetes mellitus:  a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Design of the Coronary ARtery DIsease Genome-Wide Replication And Meta-Analysis (CARDIoGRAM) Study: A Genome-wide association meta-analysis involving more than 22 000 cases and 60 000 controls.
Ancestry as a determinant of mean population C-reactive protein values: implications for cardiovascular risk prediction.
Prenatal dexamethasone use for the prevention of virilization in pregnancies at risk for classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia because of 21-hydroxylase (CYP21A2) deficiency: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
Mannose-binding lectin and susceptibility to tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis shows extended therapy improves response of patients with chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1 infection.
What is the prevalence of clinically significant endoscopic findings in subjects  with dyspepsia? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of trough IgG on pneumonia incidence in primary immunodeficiency: A meta-analysis of clinical studies.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery and acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Hydration with sodium bicarbonate for the prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The risk and interval to malignancy of patients with laryngeal dysplasia; a systematic review of case series and meta-analysis.
The role of renin-angiotensin system blockade therapy in the prevention of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy and tolerability of interferon-β in multiple sclerosis, overall and by drug and disease type.
Ear canal cholesteatoma: meta-analysis of clinical characteristics with update on classification, staging and treatment.
Clinical performance of cervical restorations--a meta-analysis.
Association between the -634C/G polymorphisms of the vascular endothelial growth  factor and retinopathy in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Role of EUS-FNA-based cytology in the diagnosis of mucinous pancreatic cystic lesions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cyclin D1 G870A polymorphism is associated with risk and clinicopathologic characteristics of bladder cancer.
Prophylactic pancreatic stent placement and post-ERCP pancreatitis: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Microsatellite instability as a marker of prognosis and response to therapy: a meta-analysis of colorectal cancer survival data.
Predictive and prognostic value of KRAS mutations in metastatic colorectal cancer patients treated with cetuximab: a meta-analysis of 22 studies.
The addition of pioglitazone in type 2 diabetics poorly controlled on insulin therapy: a meta-analysis.
The role of laparoscopy and laparoscopic ultrasound in the preoperative staging of pancreatico-biliary cancers--A meta-analysis.
Brain imaging findings in children and adolescents with mental disorders: a cross-sectional review.
Brain tumor location and psychiatric symptoms: is there any association? A meta-analysis of published case studies.
[Meta-analysis: cardiovascular effects in workers occupationally exposed to urban pollution].
[Dietary intervention programs in the workplace: an effective prevention strategy].
[Meta-analysis: effectiveness of the preventive interventions in agriculture accidents].
Association of the CCR5 gene with juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Paraoxonase 1 polymorphisms and ischemic stroke risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Usher syndrome associated with Fuchs' heterochromic uveitis.
Comparison of glucose-insulin-potassium and insulin-glucose as adjunctive therapy in acute myocardial infarction: a contemporary meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the effect of comprehensive smoke-free legislation on acute coronary events.
Effect of statins in preventing postoperative atrial fibrillation following cardiac surgery.
Interferon and lamivudine combination therapy versus lamivudine monotherapy for hepatitis B e antigen-negative hepatitis B treatment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Use of sirolimus in liver transplant recipients with renal insufficiency: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does mesh offer an advantage over tissue in the open repair of umbilical hernias? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
One stage bilateral total hip arthroplasty, is it safe? A meta-analysis.
Neural representation of abstract and concrete concepts: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
World Health Organization classification of thymomas provides significant prognostic information for selected stage III patients: evidence from an international thymoma study group.
Occupational silica exposure as a risk factor for scleroderma: a meta-analysis.
Xylitol as a prophylaxis for acute otitis media: systematic review.
Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) +936 C/T gene polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 4,138 subjects.
Use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Tamoxifen vs. non-tamoxifen treatment for advanced melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Maternal postpartum vitamin A supplementation for the prevention of mortality and morbidity in infancy: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Statistical methods for the time-to-event analysis of individual participant data from multiple epidemiological studies.
The depression-executive dysfunction (DED) syndrome and response to antidepressants: a meta-analytic review.
Association of SUMO4 M55V polymorphism with susceptibility to autoimmune and inflammatory diseases: a meta-analysis.
Bioavailability of Sandimmun® versus Sandimmun Neoral®: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Foreign travel, casual sex, and sexually transmitted infections: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Women experience higher rates of adverse events during hepatitis C virus therapy  in HIV infection: a meta-analysis.
Identity status change during adolescence and young adulthood: a meta-analysis.
Auriculotherapy for pain management: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Silver treatments and silver-impregnated dressings for the healing of leg wounds  and ulcers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Motor coordination in autism spectrum disorders: a synthesis and meta-analysis.
Does the new generation of high-flex knee prostheses improve the post-operative range of movement?: a meta-analysis.
Outcome of patients with open and endovascular repair in acute complicated type B aortic dissection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of case series and comparative studies.
PCR-single-strand conformational polymorphism method for rapid detection of rifampin-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antidepressants and body weight: a comprehensive review and meta-analysis.
The effect of metformin on anthropometrics and insulin resistance in patients receiving atypical antipsychotic agents: a meta-analysis.
Antidepressant pharmacotherapy failure and response to subsequent electroconvulsive therapy: a meta-analysis.
Treatment options for bipolar depression: a systematic review of randomized, controlled trials.
Does pretreatment severity moderate the efficacy of psychological treatment of adult outpatient depression? A meta-analysis.
Rapid diagnostic testing for seasonal influenza: an evidence-based review and comparison with unaided clinical diagnosis.
Intrafamilial transmission of hepatitis C virus in Italy: a systematic review.
Interleukin-1B and interleukin-1 RN polymorphisms and gastric carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of viscocanalostomy versus trabeculectomy in uncontrolled glaucoma.
A meta-analysis of mood stabilizers for Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of soy isoflavone extract supplements on blood pressure in adult humans:  systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Marathon running as a cause of troponin elevation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
ABCG5/G8 polymorphisms and markers of cholesterol metabolism: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Added value of baseline 18F-FDG uptake in serial 18F-FDG PET for evaluation of response of solid extracerebral tumors to systemic cytotoxic neoadjuvant treatment: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the reliability and validity of the Anticipated Turnover Scale across studies of registered nurses in the United States.
The efficacy of Web-based cognitive behavioral interventions for chronic pain: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reducing the pain of nasogastric tube intubation with nebulized and atomized lidocaine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of stability in slipped upper femoral epiphysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Platform switching for marginal bone preservation around dental implants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sex differences in destructive periodontal disease: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of the effects of lithium usage on serum creatinine levels.
The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale: a diagnostic meta-analysis of case-finding ability.
The effect on mortality of antipyretics in the treatment of influenza infection:  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pertussis-the case for universal vaccination.
Off-pump versus on-pump coronary artery bypass grafting: a systematic review and  meta-analysis of propensity score analyses.
A further meta-analysis of population-based screening for abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Association of physical activity level and stroke outcomes in men and women: a meta-analysis.
Occupational exposures and adverse pregnancy outcomes among nurses: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials on clinical outcomes of paclitaxel-eluting stents versus bare-metal stents in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction patients.
Microscopic-observation drug susceptibility and thin layer agar assays for the detection of drug resistant tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[A systematic review of vasodilators for sudden sensorineural hearing loss].
Gemcitabine plus paclitaxel versus carboplatin plus either gemcitabine or paclitaxel in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a literature-based meta-analysis.
The platinum-based treatments for advanced non-small cell lung cancer, is low/negative ERCC1 expression better than high/positive ERCC1 expression? A meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy with cetuximab or chemotherapy alone for untreated advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
US pharmacists' effect as team members on patient care: systematic review and meta-analyses.
Functional monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 promoter -2518 polymorphism and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
TGFBR1*6A/9A polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 13,662 cases and 14,147 controls.
Endovascular reperfusion therapy for acute ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of clinical insulin resistance in children: a systematic review.
Combined vitamin C and E supplementation for the prevention of preeclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of psychomotor effects of mobile phone electromagnetic fields.
Meta-analysis: clinical outcomes of laser-assisted subepithelial keratectomy and  photorefractive keratectomy in myopia.
Hepatitis C virus infection and lichen planus: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of alcohol drinking and oral and pharyngeal cancers. Part 2: results by subsites.
Depression, fracture risk, and bone loss: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Do sex differences exist in opioid analgesia? A systematic review and meta-analysis of human experimental and clinical studies.
Assessing the diagnostic accuracy of immunodiagnostic techniques in the diagnosis of schistosomiasis japonica: a meta-analysis.
Open-label glucocorticoids modulate dexamethasone trial results in preterm infants.
Use of static and dynamic media to simulate environments: a meta-analysis.
Assessment of cumulative evidence for the association between glutathione S-transferase polymorphisms and lung cancer: application of the Venice interim guidelines.
Alcohol consumption and risk of heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association studies of pigmentation and skin cancer: a review and meta-analysis.
Discussion. Calcium phosphate cements in skull reconstruction: a meta-analysis.
Calcium phosphate cements in skull reconstruction: a meta-analysis.
What is the best surgical margin for a Basal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis of the literature.
A meta-analysis of prehospital airway control techniques part II: alternative airway devices and cricothyrotomy success rates.
Hippocampal volume deficits associated with exposure to psychological trauma and  posttraumatic stress disorder in adults: a meta-analysis.
Salivary cortisol in depressed patients versus control persons: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analyses of the effect of false-positive mammograms on generic and specific  psychosocial outcomes.
Influence of psychological stress on upper respiratory infection--a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Intracytoplasmic sperm injection outcome versus intracytoplasmic morphologically  selected sperm injection outcome: a meta-analysis.
The association between interleukin-18 and pulmonary sarcoidosis: a meta-analysis.
The accuracy of the procalcitonin test for the diagnosis of neonatal sepsis: a meta-analysis.
Updated meta-analyses reveal thalamus volume reduction in patients with first-episode and chronic schizophrenia.
Hypothermia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Surgical modifications of the upper airway for obstructive sleep apnea in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Continuous positive airway pressure reduces risk of motor vehicle crash among drivers with obstructive sleep apnea: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maxillomandibular advancement for the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Carotid bruits and cerebrovascular disease risk: a meta-analysis.
Glycopeptide vs. non-glycopeptide antibiotics for prophylaxis of surgical site infections: a systematic review.
Value of severity scales in predicting mortality from community-acquired pneumonia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Severity assessment tools for predicting mortality in hospitalised patients with  community-acquired pneumonia. Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Selenium supplementation in the treatment of Hashimoto's thyroiditis: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Real-time elastography for the differentiation of benign and malignant thyroid nodules: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of histomorphometric results and graft healing time of various biomaterials compared to autologous bone used as sinus floor augmentation material in humans.
Efficacy of motivational interviewing for smoking cessation: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Towards an ontology of cognitive control.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha-308 G/A polymorphism and acute liver graft rejection: a meta-analysis.
The value of histologic subtyping on outcomes of clear cell and papillary renal cell carcinomas: a meta-analysis.
Antibiotics for preventing progression of abdominal aortic aneurysms: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
[Meta-analysis of LPL PvuⅡ polymorphism with hyperlipoidemia and coronary heart disease in the Chinese population.].
[Efficacy and safety of natalizumab for multiple sclerosis and Crohn's disease: a meta analysis].
[A systematic review of the accuracy of diagnostic test of serum galactomannan antigen detection for invasive aspergillosis].
Low glomerular filtration rate and risk of stroke: meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of relationships between human offtake, total mortality and population dynamics of gray wolves (Canis lupus).
Physical activity, sedentary behaviours, and the prevention of endometrial cancer.
The metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence of pre-procedural statin therapy a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Alpha-adducin Gly460Trp polymorphism and hypertension risk: a meta-analysis of 22 studies including 14303 cases and 15961 controls.
Individual patient data meta-analysis of acupuncture for chronic pain: protocol of the Acupuncture Trialists' Collaboration.
Asymmetric microarray data produces gene lists highly predictive of research literature on multiple cancer types.
Short-term outcome after stenting versus endarterectomy for symptomatic carotid stenosis: a preplanned meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Postconditioning during primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a review and  meta-analysis.
Asthma susceptible genes in Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Hepatitis A virus seroprevalence by age and world region, 1990 and 2005.
Does tiotropium lower exacerbation and hospitalization frequency in COPD patients: results of a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the use of zidovudine and interferon-alfa in adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma showing improved survival in the leukemic subtypes.
Multivariate meta-analysis of proteomics data from human prostate and colon tumours.
Effects of glucosamine, chondroitin, or placebo in patients with osteoarthritis of hip or knee: network meta-analysis.
Recombinant human follicle-stimulating hormone produces more oocytes with a lower total dose per cycle in assisted reproductive technologies compared with highly purified human menopausal gonadotrophin: a meta-analysis.
Association between heme oxygenase-1 gene promoter polymorphisms and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Objective cognitive performance associated with electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antidepressant response and the serotonin transporter gene-linked polymorphic region.
Association of serotype with risk of death due to pneumococcal pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Proliferation markers of human pituitary tumors: contribution of a genome-wide transcriptome approach.
Screening for prostate cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised  controlled trials.
Association of NOD1 (CARD4) insertion/deletion polymorphism with susceptibility to IBD: a meta-analysis.
Correlation between adherence rates measured by MEMS and self-reported questionnaires: a meta-analysis.
[Contrast-induced nephropathy in patients at risk of renal failure undergoing computed tomography: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
Proteomics of colorectal cancer: overview of discovery studies and identification of commonly identified cancer-associated proteins and candidate CRC serum markers.
Chest compressions before defibrillation for out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Objectively measured physical capability levels and mortality: systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Antiemetic medication for prevention and treatment of chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting in childhood.
Chinese herbal medicine for subfertile women with polycystic ovarian syndrome.
Maintenance chemotherapy for ovarian cancer.
Internet-based interventions for smoking cessation.
Interactive computer-based interventions for sexual health promotion.
Cognitive behavioural therapy for tinnitus.
Interventions to increase influenza vaccination rates of those 60 years and older in the community.
Administration of single-dose GnRH agonist in the luteal phase in ICSI cycles: a  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: Accuracy of contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance angiography for assessing steno-occlusions in peripheral arterial disease.
Efficacy evaluation of imatinib treatment in patients with gastrointestinal stromal tumors: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between genetic polymorphisms of ALDH2 and ADH1B and esophageal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of the efficacy of lamivudine and telbivudine in the treatment of chronic hepatitis B: a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of studies of publication misrepresentation by applicants to residency and fellowship programs.
Meta-analysis of drug-related deaths soon after release from prison.
Meta-analysis: do irritable bowel syndrome symptoms vary between men and women?
Meta-analysis: levamisole improves the immune response to hepatitis B vaccine in  dialysis patients.
Prognostic significance of high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity after percutaneous coronary intervention: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Renin-angiotensin system-related gene polymorphisms are associated with risk of atrial fibrillation.
Meta-analysis of adverse cardiovascular events associated with echocardiographic  contrast agents.
Adjusting plasma ferritin concentrations to remove the effects of subclinical inflammation in the assessment of iron deficiency: a meta-analysis.
Breath malodor reduction with use of a stannous-containing sodium fluoride dentifrice: a meta-analysis of four randomized and controlled clinical trials.
Screening and case finding tools for the detection of dementia. Part I: evidence-based meta-analysis of multidomain tests.
Screening and case-finding tools for the detection of dementia. Part II: evidence-based meta-analysis of single-domain tests.
Meta-analysis of digit ratio 2D:4D shows greater sex difference in the right hand.
Preferred roles in treatment decision making among patients with cancer: a pooled analysis of studies using the Control Preferences Scale.
Failure to confirm genetic association of the FXYD6 gene with schizophrenia: the  Japanese population and meta-analysis.
Further investigation of the association between rs7341475 and rs17746501 and schizophrenia.
Meta-analysis of the heterogeneity in association of DRD4 7-repeat allele and AD/HD: stronger association with AD/HD combined type.
PCM1 and schizophrenia: a replication study in the Northern Swedish population.
Do African American men have lower survival from prostate cancer compared with White men? A meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between self-reported diarrheal disease and distance from home to water source.
Variations in pharmacology of beta-blockers may contribute to heterogeneous results in trials of perioperative beta-blockade.
Meta-analysis of fibrin glue versus surgery for treatment of fistula-in-ano.
Need for a new trial to evaluate postoperative radiotherapy in renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Predictors of nonadherence to statins: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of variation in Fcgamma receptor 3B gene copy number with rheumatoid  arthritis in Caucasian samples.
Are treatment targets for hypercholesterolemia evidence based? Systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Association between aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 genetic polymorphism and serum lipids or lipoproteins: a meta-analysis of seven East Asian populations.
Anti-Scl-70 (topo-I) antibodies in SLE: Myth or reality?
Traffic air pollution and oxidatively generated DNA damage: can urinary 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2-deoxiguanosine be considered a good biomarker? A meta-analysis.
Self-esteem in remitted bipolar disorder patients: a meta-analysis.
Coffee consumption and risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Appearance-related teasing, body dissatisfaction, and disordered eating: A meta-analysis.
BsmI, TaqI, ApaI and FokI polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene and  risk of fracture in Caucasians: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of antidepressants in treating the negative symptoms of chronic schizophrenia: meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of steatosis as a risk factor in major hepatic resection.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of laparoscopic Nissen (posterior total) versus Toupet (posterior partial) fundoplication for gastro-oesophageal reflux disease.
The association between HSD17B1 Ser312Gly polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a  meta-analysis including 31,053 subjects.
Extremely low-frequency electromagnetic fields exposure and female breast cancer  risk: a meta-analysis based on 24,338 cases and 60,628 controls.
NBS1 8360G > C polymorphism is associated with breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between MnSOD Val16Ala polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 58,448 subjects.
TGFB1 L10P polymorphism is associated with breast cancer susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis involving 47,817 subjects.
MTHFR C677T polymorphism associated with breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 15,260 cases and 20,411 controls.
BRCA2 N372H polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 44,903 subjects.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis from 41 studies with 16,480 cases and 22,388 controls.
Home visits by community health workers to prevent neonatal deaths in developing  countries: a systematic review.
Interventions with family caregivers of cancer patients: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
NSAID exposure and risk of nonunion: a meta-analysis of case-control and cohort studies.
Tea consumption and risk of ovarian cancer.
Selenium and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Current status of surgical treatment for hemorrhoids--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preventive effect of ulinastatin and gabexate mesylate on post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis.
Body mass index and risk of stroke and myocardial infarction in a relatively lean population: meta-analysis of 16 Japanese cohorts using individual data.
Prognostic effects of calcium channel blockers in patients with vasospastic angina--a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of neuroblastomas reveals a skewed ALK mutation spectrum in tumors  with MYCN amplification.
Comparison of sirolimus- and paclitaxel-eluting stents in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention for ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The effect of aldosterone antagonists for ventricular arrhythmia: a meta-analysis.
No association of interleukin-1 receptor antagonist VNTR polymorphism and rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility: a meta analysis.
Risk of implant failure and marginal bone loss in subjects with a history of periodontitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: reminder systems to reduce catheter-associated urinary tract infections and urinary catheter use in hospitalized patients.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: renal safety of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate in HIV-infected patients.
Diagnostic precision of CT in local staging of colon cancers: a meta-analysis.
The association between TNF-alpha promoter polymorphisms and ankylosing spondylitis: a meta-analysis.
Grasping language--a short story on embodiment.
Linezolid versus vancomycin or teicoplanin for nosocomial pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Deterioration of executive functioning in chronic ecstasy users; evidence for multiple drugs effects.
Risk of venous thrombosis with oral versus transdermal estrogen therapy among postmenopausal women.
Meta-analysis of individual patient data to assess the risk of hypoglycaemia in people with type 2 diabetes using NPH insulin or insulin glargine.
The magnitude of association between overweight and obesity and the risk of diabetes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Abnormal breath testing in IBS: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for falls in community-dwelling older people: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predisposition to epilepsy--does the ABCB1 gene play a role?
Early routine percutaneous coronary intervention after fibrinolysis vs. standard  therapy in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Increased consumption of fruit and vegetables and future cancer incidence in selected European countries.
ERCC2 Lys751Gln polymorphism is associated with lung cancer among Caucasians.
Processed meat and colorectal cancer: a quantitative review of prospective epidemiologic studies.
Inter-country variations in anti-asthmatic drug prescriptions for children. Systematic review of studies published during the 2000-2009 period.
Association of the type 2 deiodinase Thr92Ala polymorphism with type 2 diabetes:  case-control study and meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori infection and gastric histology in first-degree relatives of  gastric cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Impact of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents on morbidity and mortality in patients with heart failure: an updated, post-TREAT meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the test accuracy of ductus venosus Doppler to predict compromise of fetal/neonatal wellbeing in high risk pregnancies with placental insufficiency.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the volume-outcome relationship in the surgical treatment of breast cancer. Are breast cancer patients better of with a  high volume provider?
Volume and outcome in colorectal cancer surgery.
Meta-analysis of functional outcomes and complications following transurethral procedures for lower urinary tract symptoms resulting from benign prostatic enlargement.
Drug eluting stents versus bare metal stents in the treatment of saphenous vein graft disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of the strategy of monotherapy with boosted protease inhibitors in HIV+ patients].
Double versus single intrauterine insemination for unexplained infertility: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Imputation aware meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Low molecular weight heparin for the treatment of retinal vein occlusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Screening for hyperglycaemia in pregnancy: a rapid update for the National Screening Committee.
High-density lipoprotein cholesterol increase and non-cardiovascular mortality: a meta-analysis.
Lafutidine-based triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Intravenous immunoglobulin and idiopathic secondary recurrent miscarriage: a multicentered randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Can dopamine agonists reduce the incidence and severity of OHSS in IVF/ICSI treatment cycles? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Monitoring initial response to Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor-based regimens: an individual patient data meta-analysis from randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Efficacy of revascularization for renal artery stenosis caused by fibromuscular dysplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statin use and the prevention of venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of passive leg raising for prediction of fluid responsiveness in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical studies.
Prevalence of hepatitis B virus infection in non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic validity and added value of the Geriatric Depression Scale for depression in primary care: a meta-analysis of GDS30 and GDS15.
Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergens for seasonal allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Accuracy of right ventricular volumes and function determined by three-dimensional echocardiography in comparison with magnetic resonance imaging: a meta-analysis study.
Fosfomycin versus other antibiotics for the treatment of cystitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lipid profiles in HIV-infected adults receiving atazanavir and atazanavir/ritonavir: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Inflammatory blood laboratory levels as markers of prosthetic joint infection: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early extubation after pediatric cardiac surgery: systematic review, meta-analysis, and evidence-based recommendations.
Do Beta-blockers impact microvolt T-wave alternans testing in patients at risk for ventricular arrhythmias? A meta-analysis.
Effects of statins on progression of carotid atherosclerosis as measured by carotid intimal--medial thickness: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Advanced approaches to characterize the human intestinal microbiota by computational meta-analysis.
Tailoring treatment duration to 12 to 16 weeks in hepatitis C genotype 2 or 3 with rapid virologic response: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Cortisol levels and adrenal response in severe community-acquired pneumonia: a systematic review of the literature.
Corticosteroid therapy for acute lung injury, acute respiratory distress syndrome, and severe pneumonia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Substantially increased risk of cancer in patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiologic evidence in Japan.
Frequency of nonodontogenic pain after endodontic therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of children's object-to-mouth frequency data for estimating non-dietary ingestion exposure.
Meta-analysis of performance of Kings's College Hospital Criteria in prediction of outcome in non-paracetamol-induced acute liver failure.
Null genotypes of GSTM1 and GSTT1 contribute to hepatocellular carcinoma risk: evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
Assessing the incidence of gastroenteritis among elderly people living in long term care facilities.
Effectiveness of different central venous catheters for catheter-related infections: a network meta-analysis.
Sensitivity of superficial cultures in lower extremity wounds.
Oestrogen receptor-alpha polymorphism and risk of fracture: a meta-analysis of 13 studies including 1279 cases and 6069 controls.
Formaldehyde and leukemia: an updated meta-analysis and evaluation of bias.
Corticosteroid administration in oral and orthognathic surgery: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of cefepime in pediatric patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of complex psycho-educational interventions for smoking relapse prevention: an exploratory meta-analysis.
Does plyometric training improve strength performance? A meta-analysis.
Lower graft patency after off-pump than on-pump coronary artery bypass grafting:  an updated meta-analysis of randomized trials.
ERCC2/XPD Lys751Gln and Asp312Asn gene polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 22 case-control studies.
Her-2/neu expression in prostate adenocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pediatric Vesicoureteral Reflux Guidelines Panel Summary Report: Clinical Practice Guidelines for Screening Siblings of Children With Vesicoureteral Reflux and Neonates/Infants With Prenatal Hydronephrosis.
Soy isoflavones and bone mineral density in perimenopausal and postmenopausal Western women: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is short-term therapy really sufficient to eradicate Helicobacter pylori infection?
Chewing substances with or without tobacco and risk of cardiovascular disease in  Asia: a meta-analysis.
Perinatal regionalization for very low-birth-weight and very preterm infants: a meta-analysis.
The impact of glutamine dipeptide-supplemented parenteral nutrition on outcomes of surgical patients: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Probiotics for prevention of necrotising enterocolitis: an updated meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis for the effect of medical therapy vs. placebo on recovery of idiopathic sudden hearing loss.
KRAS mutations and resistance to EGFR-TKIs treatment in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of 22 studies.
The efficacy of treatment for systemic sclerosis interstitial lung disease: results from a meta-analysis.
Effects of soy isoflavones and genistein on glucose metabolism in perimenopausal  and postmenopausal non-Asian women: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Neural substrates of pleiotropic action of genetic variation in COMT: a meta-analysis.
Improving the translational hit of experimental treatments in multiple sclerosis.
Kidney transplants in HIV-positive recipients under HAART. A comprehensive review and meta-analysis of 12 series.
Genetic influences on cardiovascular stress reactivity.
Intelligence in relation to obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of ultrasound therapy for the management of knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Wilms' tumour: a systematic review of risk factors and meta-analysis.
A quantitative meta-analysis of neurocognitive sequelae in survivors of pediatric brain tumors.
Frequencies of ETV6-RUNX1 fusion and hyperdiploidy in pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia are lower in far east than west.
Prevalence of streptococcal pharyngitis and streptococcal carriage in children: a meta-analysis.
Effects of the CYP3A5*3 variant on cyclosporine exposure and acute rejection rate in renal transplant patients: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of interferential current therapy in the management of musculoskeletal pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of risk of multiple sclerosis following infectious mononucleosis.
The role of radiofrequency ablation for sacroiliac joint pain: a meta-analysis.
Strategies to increase the delivery of smoking cessation treatments in primary care settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and cardiovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The effects of Tai Chi on fall prevention, fear of falling and balance in older people: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of computer-tailored interventions for health behavior change.
ELAC2 polymorphisms and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 18 case-control studies.
Do core interpersonal and affective traits of PCL-R psychopathy interact with antisocial behavior and disinhibition to predict violence?
Linking "big" personality traits to anxiety, depressive, and substance use disorders: a meta-analysis.
Surviving the Holocaust: a meta-analysis of the long-term sequelae of a genocide.
Endovascular treatment of intracranial unruptured aneurysms: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature on safety and efficacy.
Visual habituation and dishabituation in preterm infants: a review and meta-analysis.
Facial emotion processing in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging data.
Facial emotion perception in schizophrenia: a meta-analytic review.
Endophthalmitis in the era of small gauge transconjunctival sutureless vitrectomy--meta analysis and review of literature.
Maternal substance use and integrated treatment programs for women with substance abuse issues and their children: a meta-analysis.
The -765C allele of the cyclooxygenase-2 gene as a potential risk factor of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of association between TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and bladder cancer risk.
The catechol-O-methyl-transferase gene in tardive dyskinesia.
Serum and plasma BDNF levels in major depression: a replication study and meta-analyses.
Laparoscopic versus open appendectomy in adults with complicated appendicitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Peritoneal lavage for severe acute pancreatitis: a systematic review of randomised trials.
[Meta analysis of lactic acid bacteria as probiotics for the primary prevention of infantile eczema].
[A meta-analysis of the timing of chest radiotherapy in patients with limited-stage small cell lung cancer].
[Comparison of EGFR and KRAS status between primary non-small cell lung cancer and corresponding metastases: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
[Systematic review of clinical randomized controlled trials on manipulative treatment of lumbar disc herniation].
[Meta-analysis on randomized controlled clinical trials of acupuncture for asthma].
[Meta analysis of the effect of immunoglobulin infusion on neonatal isoimmune hemolytic disease caused by blood group incompatibility].
[Epidemiological prospective studies on physical activities and the risk of colon cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Male circumcision in reducing HIV infection risk in men: a meta-analysis study].
[Clinical outcome of single-bundle versus anatomic double-bundle reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament: a meta-analysis].
[Role of different ligation of the inferior mesenteric artery in sigmoid colon or rectal cancer surgery: a meta-analysis].
[Associations of polymorphisms of methionine synthase A2756G and methionine synthase reductase G66A with the risks of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis].
Association of the ADIPOQ rs17360539 and rs266729 polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The association between ATM D1853N polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Nurse led interventions to improve control of blood pressure in people with hypertension: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of pre-, pro- and synbiotics in patients with acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Usefulness of CT angiography in diagnosing acute gastrointestinal bleeding: a meta-analysis.
Cardiac safety profile of rosiglitazone: a comprehensive meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
[Dapoxetine in treatment of premature ejaculation: a systematic review].
Fruit and vegetable intake and incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of epidemiological studies of association of P53 codon 72 polymorphism with bladder cancer.
Hysterectomy, endometrial destruction, and levonorgestrel releasing intrauterine  system (Mirena) for heavy menstrual bleeding: systematic review and meta-analysis of data from individual patients.
Lack of association between interleukin-1 alpha, beta polymorphisms and Parkinson's disease.
Meta-analysis of pulmonary valve replacement after operative repair of tetralogy  of fallot.
Meta-analysis of folic acid supplementation trials on risk of cardiovascular disease and risk interaction with baseline homocysteine levels.
Meta-analysis of a possible signal of increased mortality associated with cefepime use.
Meta-analysis: reduced incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma in patients not responding to interferon therapy of chronic hepatitis C.
[Meta-analysis of suture techniques for midline abdominal incisions].
Relationship between blood glucose and carotid intima media thickness: A meta-analysis.
A novel tissue-specific meta-analysis approach for gene expression predictions, initiated with a mammalian gene expression testis database.
Association of the apolipoprotein A5 gene -1131 T>C polymorphism with fasting blood lipids: a meta-analysis in 37859 subjects.
Amphetamine-group substances and HIV.
Efficacy and tolerability of one-site versus two-site phaco-trabeculectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Multiple independent loci at chromosome 15q25.1 affect smoking quantity: a meta-analysis and comparison with lung cancer and COPD.
Spironolactone for hypertension.
Statins for the treatment of dementia.
Interventions for treating oral mucositis for patients with cancer receiving treatment.
Acute and preventive pharmacologic treatment of cluster headache.
[P50 sensory gating studies in schizophrenics: a systematic review].
Surgery for extratemporal nonlesional epilepsy in adults: an outcome meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the effectiveness of smoking relapse prevention interventions for abstinent smokers.
Pre-cessation nicotine replacement therapy: pragmatic randomized trial.
Computer-delivered interventions for alcohol and tobacco use: a meta-analysis.
Adherence to antiretroviral therapy among HIV-infected drug users: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: antioxidant supplements for liver diseases - the Cochrane Hepato-Biliary Group.
Genetic variation at the SLC23A1 locus is associated with circulating concentrations of L-ascorbic acid (vitamin C): evidence from 5 independent studies with >15,000 participants.
Risk reduction after regression of echocardiographic left ventricular hypertrophy in hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Vasopressin receptor antagonists for the treatment of hyponatremia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Venous compression for prevention of postthrombotic syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open mesh repair for recurrent inguinal hernia: a meta-analysis of outcomes.
Surgical shunting versus transjugular intrahepatic portasystemic shunting for bleeding varices resulting from portal hypertension and cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Patient expectancy and post-chemotherapy nausea: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of (18)F-Fluoride positron emission tomography for assessment of  metastatic bone tumor.
Investigation of potential non-HLA rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility loci in a  European cohort increases the evidence for nine markers.
Efficacy of the Da Vinci surgical system in abdominal surgery compared with that  of laparoscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
State-of-the-art of hybrid procedures for the aortic arch: a meta-analysis.
Retrospective analysis of the association between Demodex infestation and rosacea.
Effects of statin therapy on inflammatory markers in chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Evidence on the effectiveness of topical nitroglycerin in the treatment of tendinopathies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Levosimendan in acute decompensated heart failure: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of duration of glucocorticoid therapy on relapse rate in antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated vasculitis: A meta-analysis.
Genetic variation in the SMAD3 gene is associated with hip and knee osteoarthritis.
Meta-analysis of relapse prevention antidepressant trials in depressive disorders.
HLA-Class II in Latin American patients with type 1 diabetes.
Polymorphisms in DNA damage response genes and head and neck cancer risk.
Amlodipine and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor combination versus amlodipine monotherapy in hypertension: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled  trials.
Effects of soy isoflavone supplements on bone turnover markers in menopausal women: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A comparison of British school meals and packed lunches from 1990 to 2007: meta-analysis by lunch type.
The Ala allele in the PPAR-gamma2 gene is associated with reduced risk of type 2  diabetes mellitus in Caucasians and improved insulin sensitivity in overweight subjects.
Abreaction for conversion disorder: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of sex differences in outcome after intervention for abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Pharmacological interventions for fertility preservation during chemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic role of cancer stem cells in breast cancer: a meta-analysis of published literatures.
Cytochrome P450 2D6 and outcomes of adjuvant tamoxifen therapy: results of a meta-analysis.
The use of FDG-PET in assessing axillary lymph node status in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
COMT Val158Met polymorphism and breast cancer risk: evidence from 26 case-control studies.
XRCC2 Arg188His polymorphism is not directly associated with breast cancer risk:  evidence from 37,369 subjects.
The association between ERCC2 Asp312Asn polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 22,766 subjects.
Associations between XPD polymorphisms and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Methionine synthase A2756G polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 18,953 subjects.
The association between TA-repeat polymorphism in the promoter region of UGT1A1 and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
IGFBP3 A-202C polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 33,557 cases and 45,254 controls.
No association between a progesterone receptor gene promoter polymorphism (+331G>A) and breast cancer risk in Caucasian women: evidence from a literature-based meta-analysis.
The hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Behavioural interventions for HIV positive prevention in developing countries: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol and endometrial cancer risk: a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Body mass index, effect modifiers, and risk of pancreatic cancer: a pooled study  of seven prospective cohorts.
Occupational exposure to hexavalent chromium and cancers of the gastrointestinal  tract: a meta-analysis.
XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism with lung cancer and bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Lapatinib and HER2 status: results of a meta-analysis of randomized phase III trials in metastatic breast cancer.
Iodixanol versus low-osmolar contrast media for prevention of contrast induced nephropathy: meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Upstream vs deferred administration of small-molecule glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in primary percutaneous coronary intervention for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: insights from randomized clinical trials.
Dose-dependent association between UGT1A1*28 genotype and irinotecan-induced neutropenia: low doses also increase risk.
Gene signature of the metastatic potential of cutaneous melanoma: too much for too little?
The enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) pathway for patients undergoing major  elective open colorectal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Self-reported versus clinician-rated symptoms of depression as outcome measures in psychotherapy research on depression: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effects of psychotherapy with adults sexually abused in childhood.
A meta-analytic review of prolonged exposure for posttraumatic stress disorder.
Implicit cognition and depression: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the influence of comorbidity on treatment outcome in the anxiety disorders.
Definitions and incidence of cardiac syndrome X: review and analysis of clinical  data.
A comparison of peginterferon α-2a and α-2b for treatment-naive patients with chronic hepatitis C virus: A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Open vs laparoscopic approach for reversal of Hartmann's procedure: a systematic  review.
Associations of social networks with cancer mortality: a meta-analysis.
Pulp response to resin-modified glass ionomer and calcium hydroxide cements in deep cavities: A quantitative systematic review.
The neurology of coeliac disease in childhood: what is the evidence? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of oral antidiabetic agents on A1C levels: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Variants at DGKB/TMEM195, ADRA2A, GLIS3 and C2CD4B loci are associated with reduced glucose-stimulated beta cell function in middle-aged Danish people.
Oxidative damage to DNA and lipids as biomarkers of exposure to air pollution.
ApoE epsilon4 genotype and the age at onset of temporal lobe epilepsy: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
The relation between volume and outcome of coronary interventions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prediction of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality with central haemodynamics: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Oral contraceptive use and breast or ovarian cancer risk in BRCA1/2 carriers: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: serum vitamin D and breast cancer risk.
Suction or non-suction to the underwater seal drains following pulmonary operation: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The role of TSH for 18F-FDG-PET in the diagnosis of recurrence and metastases of  differentiated thyroid carcinoma with elevated thyroglobulin and negative scan: a meta-analysis.
Factors defining care-seeking in low back pain--a meta-analysis of population based surveys.
Relationship between probability of receiving placebo and probability of prematurely discontinuing treatment in double-blind, randomized clinical trials for MDD: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of BDNF Val66Met polymorphism association with treatment response in patients with major depressive disorder.
A meta-analysis of artificial total disc replacement versus fusion for lumbar degenerative disc disease.
Updated systematic review and meta-analysis of the comparative data on colposuspensions, pubovaginal slings, and midurethral tapes in the surgical treatment of female stress urinary incontinence.
Association of the CYP27B1 C(-1260)A polymorphism with autoimmune Addison's disease.
Clinical studies show no effects of soy protein or isoflavones on reproductive hormones in men: results of a meta-analysis.
The likelihood of live birth and multiple birth after single versus double embryo transfer at the cleavage stage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
ActiTest accuracy for the assessment of histological activity grades in patients  with chronic hepatitis C, an overview using Obuchowski measure.
Risk of myocardial infarction related to factor V Leiden mutation: a meta-analysis.
Candidate gene association studies and risk of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and economic modelling of the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of non-surgical treatments for women with stress urinary incontinence.
Diagnostic value of N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide for pleural effusion due to heart failure: a meta-analysis.
[Hemorrhage rates following coblation tonsillectomy. A meta-analysis of published trials].
The influence of delayed blastocyst formation on the outcome of frozen-thawed blastocyst transfer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interleukin-23 receptor genetic polymorphisms and Crohn's disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Serum high-density and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol is associated with abdominal aortic aneurysm presence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prediction of future cardiovascular outcomes by flow-mediated vasodilatation of brachial artery: a meta-analysis.
Fluoxetine for the prophylaxis of poststroke depression in patients with stroke:  a meta-analysis.
Antiplatelet agents for the prevention of arteriovenous fistula and graft thrombosis: a meta analysis.
The role of laparoscopic surgery for ulcerative colitis: systematic review with meta-analysis.
HIV transmission risk through anal intercourse: systematic review, meta-analysis  and implications for HIV prevention.
Prognostic relevance of uncommon ovarian histology in women with stage III/IV epithelial ovarian cancer.
Bacteriophage assays for rifampicin resistance detection in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: updated meta-analysis.
Depressive morbidity and gender in community-dwelling Brazilian elderly: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Divalproex sodium versus placebo in the treatment of acute bipolar depression: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bevacizumab increases risk for severe proteinuria in cancer patients.
Rapid assays for fluoroquinolone resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cryotherapy after total knee arthroplasty a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Correcting anemia in heart failure: the efficacy and safety of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents.
Epidural analgesia improves outcome in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Neurobehavioral differences between Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia: a meta-analysis.
Therapeutic effect of statin on aortic stenosis: a review with meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: perioperative regional liver chemotherapy for improving survival and preventing liver metastases in patients with colorectal carcinoma.
Meta-analysis: somatostatin or its long-acting analogue, octreotide, for prophylaxis against post-ERCP pancreatitis.
Renin-angiotensin-aldosterone inhibitors in the reduction of portal pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The natural history of hepatitis C infection acquired through injection drug use: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Comparison of the efficacy of candesartan and losartan: a meta-analysis of trials in the treatment of hypertension.
Quantity of viable myocardium required to improve survival with revascularization in patients with ischemic cardiomyopathy: A meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of medical interventions in adults versus children.
Efficacy of high-dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell transplant for recurrent Wilms' tumor: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the clinical features of the duodenal duplication cyst.
Erectile dysfunction and risk of clinical cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis  of seven cohort studies.
Is there a sex ratio difference in the familial aggregation of specific language  impairment? A meta-analysis.
Effects of ingesting protein in combination with carbohydrate during exercise on  endurance performance: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Effect of statins on atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a duration- and dose-response meta-analysis.
Screening for lung cancer with low-dose computed tomography: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of the baseline findings of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of sewerage on diarrhoea and enteric infections: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Unrelated donor umbilical cord blood transplantation versus unrelated donor bone  marrow transplantation in adult and pediatric patients: A meta-analysis.
Value of quantitative analysis of circulating cell free DNA as a screening tool for lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Modafinil for narcolepsy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of association between optineurin gene and primary open-angle glaucoma.
Meta-analysis of the dose-response relationship of SSRI in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Efficacy and safety of anti-obesity drugs in children and adolescents: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis added power to identify variants in FTO associated with type 2 diabetes and obesity in the Asian population.
Prevention of preeclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction with aspirin started in early pregnancy: a meta-analysis.
Chorioamnionitis and cerebral palsy: a meta-analysis.
PPARgamma polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 32,138 subjects.
Influence of flare design on symptomatic efficacy of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of tumor necrosis factor α-308 polymorphism and Kawasaki disease.
MRI and withdrawal of life support from newborn infants with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy.
Cognitive functioning in chronic fatigue syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Multiple sclerosis and lung cancer: an unexpected inverse association.
Primary sclerosing cholangitis: meta-analysis of diagnostic performance of MR cholangiopancreatography.
Delayed versus immediate defibrillation for out-of-hospital cardiac arrest due to ventricular fibrillation: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
[Treadmill training with or without partial body weight support in children with  cerebral palsy: systematic review and meta-analysis].
Effects of exercise training on oxygen uptake in coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tacrolimus for the treatment of active rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Disorganization and reality distortion in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of the relationship between positive symptoms and neurocognitive deficits.
Meta-analysis of rates of drop-out from psychosocial treatment among persons with schizophrenia spectrum disorder.
Effects of vitamin D supplementation on blood pressure.
What works in falls prevention after stroke?: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of factor V Leiden and ischemic stroke in young adults: the importance of case ascertainment.
Whether robot-assisted laparoscopic fundoplication is better for gastroesophageal reflux disease in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Partially or completely absorbable versus nonabsorbable mesh repair for inguinal  hernia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevention of recurrent hepatitis B virus infection after liver transplantation:  hepatitis B immunoglobulin, antiviral drugs, or both? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Eliciting distributions to populate decision analytic models.
[Association and meta-analysis of ENPP1 K121Q with type 2 diabetes in Han Chinese.].
[Systematic evaluation on treatment of sub-health with acupuncture-moxibustion and Tuina in clinical researches].
[Effects of finasteride on hematuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia: a meta-analysis].
[Effect of dexamethasone on atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis of cohort studies on the association between diabetes and the risk of primary liver cancer].
A meta-analysis for the effect of prophylactic GTN on the incidence of post-ERCP  pancreatitis and on the successful rate of cannulation of bile ducts.
Contralateral acupuncture versus ipsilateral acupuncture in the rehabilitation of post-stroke hemiplegic patients: a systematic review.
Impaired facial emotion perception in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Effect of calcium supplements on risk of myocardial infarction and cardiovascular events: meta-analysis.
Delirium in elderly patients and the risk of postdischarge mortality, institutionalization, and dementia: a meta-analysis.
Rosiglitazone revisited: an updated meta-analysis of risk for myocardial infarction and cardiovascular mortality.
The clinical importance of white matter hyperintensities on brain magnetic resonance imaging: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antithrombotic treatment for the primary prevention of stroke in patients with non valvular atrial fibrillation: a reappraisal of the evidence and network meta  analysis.
Bisphosphonate use in women and the risk of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide meta-analysis for serum calcium identifies significantly associated SNPs near the calcium-sensing receptor (CASR) gene.
Targeted exercise against osteoporosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis for optimising bone strength throughout life.
Association of sulfotransferase SULT1A1 with breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis  of case-control studies with subgroups of ethnic and menopausal statue.
Interventions to promote repeat breast cancer screening with mammography: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of human leukocyte antigen mismatching on outcomes of liver transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Radiofrequency ablation in the treatment of small hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta analysis.
HIV vaccine acceptability: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Common genetic determinants of vitamin D insufficiency: a genome-wide association study.
Comparison by meta-analysis of eptifibatide and tirofiban to abciximab in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention.
Faecal calprotectin for screening of patients with suspected inflammatory bowel disease: diagnostic meta-analysis.
Management of adult patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia in first complete  remission: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The MTHFR C677T polymorphism contributes to an increased risk for vascular dementia: a meta-analysis.
Ribavirin for Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of the TIMI risk score in patients with chest pain in the emergency department: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of radiofrequency ablation versus hepatic resection for small hepatocellular carcinoma.
Lactulose versus Polyethylene Glycol for Chronic Constipation.
High dose rate versus low dose rate intracavity brachytherapy for locally advanced uterine cervix cancer.
Combined pharmacotherapy and psychological therapies for post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Evaluation of the efficacy and safety of adjuvant treatment to levodopa therapy in Parkinson s disease patients with motor complications.
Behavioural treatment for chronic low-back pain.
Thiopurine S-methyltransferase polymorphisms and thiopurine toxicity in treatment of inflammatory bowel disease.
Meta-analysis: erythropoiesis-stimulating agents in patients with chronic kidney  disease.
Cardiovascular risk in clopidogrel-treated patients according to cytochrome P450  2C19*2 loss-of-function allele or proton pump inhibitor coadministration: a systematic meta-analysis.
Standardized uptake value is of prognostic value for outcome in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
How cognitive load affects duration judgments: A meta-analytic review.
Smoking cessation in severe mental illness: what works?
Resistance exercise for muscular strength in older adults: a meta-analysis.
No or only population-specific effect of PON1 on human longevity: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Accuracy of MRI in prediction of pathologic complete remission in breast cancer after preoperative therapy: a meta-analysis.
DUI offenders delay license reinstatement: a problem?
Meta-analysis: polymorphisms in TNF-alpha gene promoter and Crohn's disease.
Meta-analysis: factors affecting placebo response rate in the irritable bowel syndrome.
Meta-analysis: randomized controlled trials of 4-L polyethylene glycol and sodium phosphate solution as bowel preparation for colonoscopy.
Meta-analysis: the effects of placebo treatment on gastro-oesophageal reflux disease.
Effectiveness of recanalization of chronic total occlusions: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Short-term effect of cocoa product consumption on lipid profile: a meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
No association between polymorphisms in the INSIG1 gene and the risk of type 2 diabetes and related traits.
Risk of extra-intestinal cancer in inflammatory bowel disease: meta-analysis of population-based cohort studies.
Migraine headache and ischemic stroke risk: an updated meta-analysis.
Interventions to promote physical activity in chronically ill adults.
Processing speed deficits in schizophrenia: reexamining the evidence.
D2 receptor genetic variation and clinical response to antipsychotic drug treatment: a meta-analysis.
Generalized joint hypermobility and risk of lower limb joint injury during sport: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Elective laparoscopic sigmoid resection for diverticular disease has fewer complications than conventional surgery: a meta-analysis.
Does self-monitoring reduce blood pressure? Meta-analysis with meta-regression of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of initial methotrexate monotherapy versus combination therapy with a biological agent in early rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of clinical and radiographic remission.
Neonatal endosurgical congenital diaphragmatic hernia repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Plasma tissue plasminogen activator and abdominal aortic aneurysm presence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical and toxicodynamic evidence that high-dose pyrazinamide is not more hepatotoxic than the low doses currently used.
Long-term antibiotics for the prevention of recurrent urinary tract infection in  children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The diagnosis of brain tumours in children: a guideline to assist healthcare professionals in the assessment of children who may have a brain tumour.
Opioids for neonates receiving mechanical ventilation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analytical comparison of voxel-based morphometry studies in obsessive-compulsive disorder vs other anxiety disorders.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of alpha2-adrenergic agonists, beta-adrenergic antagonists, and topical carbonic anhydrase inhibitors with prostaglandin analogs.
Association of the 9p21.3 locus with risk of first-ever myocardial infarction in  Pakistanis: case-control study in South Asia and updated meta-analysis of Europeans.
Efficacy of cardiorespiratory aerobic exercise in rheumatoid arthritis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Therapeutic effects of hyaluronate injections in patients with chronic painful shoulder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Vitamin analogues in chemoprevention of hepatocellular carcinoma after resection  or ablation--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Overgeneral autobiographical memory as a predictor of the course of depression: a meta-analysis.
Acupuncture for pain relief in labour: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Two routes of transobturator tape procedures in stress urinary incontinence: a meta-analysis with direct and indirect comparison of randomized trials.
alpha-Blockers to assist stone clearance after extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy: a meta-analysis.
Thrombotic complications in adult patients with lymphoma: a meta-analysis of 29 independent cohorts including 18 018 patients and 1149 events.
Cognitive-behavioural therapy for depression in people with a somatic disease: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Effect of BRCA1/2 mutation on short-term and long-term breast cancer survival: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transforming growth factor-beta1 polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 27 case-control studies.
Bevacizumab in metastatic breast cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lack of association between the hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and breast cancer risk: evidence from 11 case-control studies.
Three polymorphisms in cytochrome P450 1B1 (CYP1B1) gene and breast cancer risk:  a meta-analysis.
Lack of association of CYP1A2-164 A/C polymorphism with breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 17,600 subjects.
Association between CYP19 polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: results from 10,592 cases and 11,720 controls.
Lack of significant association between CYP1A1 T3801C polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 25,087 subjects.
No association between SOD2 Val16Ala polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis based on 9,710 cases and 11,041 controls.
XRCC3 5'-UTR and IVS5-14 polymorphisms and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Factors influencing the association between CYP17 T34C polymorphism and the risk  of breast cancer: meta-regression and subgroup analysis.
Lack of an association between a functional polymorphism in the interleukin-6 gene promoter and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 25,703 subjects.
Four polymorphisms in cytochrome P450 1A1 (CYP1A1) gene and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
TNFalpha -308 G/A polymorphism is associated with breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 10,184 cases and 12,911 controls.
Current evidence on the relationship between polymorphisms in the COX-2 gene and  breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Lack of association between CYP17 MspA1 polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 22,090 cases and 28,498 controls.
No association between CYP1B1 Val432Leu polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 40,303 subjects.
No association between CYP17 T-34C polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis involving 58,814 subjects.
SULT1A1 R213H polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 8,454 cases and 11,800 controls.
Family history and lung cancer risk: international multicentre case-control study in Eastern and Central Europe and meta-analyses.
Relationship between exposure to sunitinib and efficacy and tolerability endpoints in patients with cancer: results of a pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic meta-analysis.
TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of matrix metalloproteinase 2 on the survival of patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
A review and meta-analysis of computerized cognitive behaviour therapy for the treatment of pain in children and adolescents.
Surgery for extratemporal nonlesional epilepsy in children: a meta-analysis.
Effect of Helicobacter pylori eradication on iron deficiency.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on treatment of pulmonary arterial  hypertension.
Treatment outcomes among patients with extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effects of psychotherapy with sexually abused children and adolescents.
Anti-hypertensive drugs have different effects on ventricular hypertrophy regression.
Meta-analysis of the colon J-pouch vs transverse coloplasty pouch after anterior  resection for rectal cancer.
Capecitabine/oxaliplatin as first-line treatment for metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of antibiotics for the treatment of MRSA complicated skin and soft tissue infections.
Pharmacologic neuroimaging of the ontogeny of dopamine receptor function.
Interventions with adherence-promoting components in pediatric type 1 diabetes: meta-analysis of their impact on glycemic control.
Association of the fatty acid-binding protein 2 gene Ala54Thr polymorphism with insulin resistance and blood glucose: a meta-analysis in 13451 subjects.
Effect of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation on symptomatic diabetic peripheral neuropathy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Glutathione S-transferase T1 (GSTT1) gene polymorphism and gastric cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Polymorphism of IL-8 in 251 allele and gastric cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 null genotype associated with gastric cancer among Asians.
Colorectal cancer outcomes, recurrence, and complications in persons with and without diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption, unprovoked seizures, and epilepsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Short stature is associated with coronary heart disease: a systematic review of the literature and a meta-analysis.
Dose-dependent association between UGT1A1*28 polymorphism and irinotecan-induced  diarrhoea: a meta-analysis.
Pro variant of TP53 Arg72Pro contributes to esophageal squamous cell carcinoma risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the relationship between nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and gastric cancer.
Nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors in combination therapy for HIV patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relation between Epstein-Barr virus and multiple sclerosis: analytic study of scientific production.
The association of dupA and Helicobacter pylori-related gastroduodenal diseases.
Incidence of chronic atrophic gastritis: systematic review and meta-analysis of follow-up studies.
Relationship between Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) gene polymorphisms and susceptibility of stroke: a meta-analysis.
Exercise training for systolic heart failure: Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hedgehog-interacting protein is a COPD susceptibility gene: the Rotterdam Study.
Effect of interventions for major depressive disorder and significant depressive  symptoms in patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
IL12A, MPHOSPH9/CDK2AP1 and RGS1 are novel multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci.
[Epidemiological assessment of the hepatitis B and C infectious disease markers in Baku and Nakhtchivan healthy population].
The impact of thyroid diseases on bone metabolism and fracture risk.
Cytoreductive surgery for advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of photodynamic therapy in the treatment of pre-cancerous skin conditions, Barrett's oesophagus and cancers of the biliary tract, brain, head and neck, lung, oesophagus and skin.
Newer agents for blood glucose control in type 2 diabetes: systematic review and  economic evaluation.
Gender differences in clinical outcome and primary prevention defibrillator benefit in patients with severe left ventricular dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tumour necrosis factor 308 polymorphisms and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Hepatic steatosis in patients coinfected with human immunodeficiency virus/hepatitis C virus: a meta-analysis of the risk factors.
Genome-wide association identifies ATOH7 as a major gene determining human optic  disc size.
Impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome in polycystic  ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Methotrexate for maintenance of remission in chronic active Crohn's disease: long-term single-center experience and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Remission with mirtazapine and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: a meta-analysis of individual patient data from 15 controlled trials of acute phase treatment of major depression.
Moxifloxacin monotherapy versus beta-lactam-based standard therapy for community-acquired pneumonia: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Lack of effect of statins on maintenance of normal sinus rhythm following electrical cardioversion of persistent atrial fibrillation.
Glutathione S-transferase M1, T1, and P1 polymorphisms and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha-308A allele may have a protective effect for chronic  hepatitis B virus infection in Mongoloid populations.
Level of response and safety of pharmacological monotherapy in the treatment of acute bipolar I disorder phases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low-molecular-weight heparins: pharmacoeconomic decision modeling based on meta-analysis data.
Impact of food and antacids on the pharmacokinetics of anti-tuberculosis drugs: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of factors associated with sustained viral response in patients on  hemodialysis treated with standard or pegylated interferon for hepatitis C infection.
The effectiveness and safety of acupuncture therapy in depressive disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparing efficacy of benzoyl peroxide, clindamycin, benzoyl peroxide with salicylic acid, and combination benzoyl peroxide/clindamycin in acne.
Use of tissue glue for surgical incision closure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Vitamin D treatment for the prevention of falls in older adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcomes associated with opioid use in the treatment of chronic noncancer pain in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Common genetic variants associate with serum phosphorus concentration.
Effectiveness and safety of neuraminidase inhibitors in reducing influenza complications: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analytic examination of work and general locus of control.
Social Story interventions for students with autism spectrum disorders: a meta-analysis.
FDG-PET and other imaging modalities for the evaluation of breast cancer recurrence and metastases: a meta-analysis.
MnSOD Val16Ala polymorphism and prostate cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 8,962 subjects.
Treatment effects of massage therapy in depressed people: a meta-analysis.
Should we expand the toolbox of psychiatric treatment methods to include Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS)? A meta-analysis of the efficacy of rTMS in psychiatric disorders.
Does youth psychotherapy improve academically related outcomes? A meta-analysis.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for depression in bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis.
Comparison between Ponseti's and Kite's clubfoot treatment methods: a meta-analysis.
Can low serum levels of S100B predict normal CT findings after minor head injury  in adults?: an evidence-based review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between alpha-adducin G460W polymorphism and hypertension: evidence from a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Treatment of hypertension in patients 80 years and older: the lower the better? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Influence of blood pressure reduction on composite cardiovascular endpoints in clinical trials.
The risk of sequelae due to pneumococcal meningitis in high-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of intervention effects on challenging behaviour among persons with intellectual disabilities.
Efficacy and safety of rapamycin as compared to paclitaxel-eluting stents: a meta-analysis.
Value of diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance images for discrimination of focal benign and malignant hepatic lesions: a meta-analysis.
Prenatal detection of pulmonary hypoplasia in fetuses with congenital diaphragmatic hernia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic studies.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of ocular prophylactic agents used for the prevention of gonococcal and chlamydial ophthalmia neonatorum.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials evaluating intraoral orthopedic appliances for temporomandibular disorders.
Tracheal cartilaginous sleeve in patients with craniosynostosis syndromes: a meta-analysis.
Psychological treatment of depressive symptoms in patients with medical disorders: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of TST conversion risk in deployed military and long-term civilian travelers.
A contemporary meta-analysis of Dacron versus polytetrafluoroethylene grafts for  femoropopliteal bypass grafting.
Safety and efficacy of fish oil-enriched parenteral nutrition regimen on postoperative patients undergoing major abdominal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Immunonutrition in high-risk surgical patients: a systematic review and analysis  of the literature.
Risk of resistance to highly active antiretroviral therapy among HIV-positive injecting drug users: a meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-receptor blockade and risk of cancer: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Photodynamic therapy as an adjunctive treatment for chronic periodontitis: a meta-analysis.
Human leukocyte antigen class I alleles and the risk of chronic myelogenous leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of FLT3 internal tandem duplication and tyrosine kinase domain mutations in acute promyelocytic leukemia: a systematic review.
CYP2E1 Rsa I/Pst I polymorphism is associated with lung cancer risk among Asians.
Sexual abuse and lifetime diagnosis of psychiatric disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of caffeine ingestion on muscular strength and endurance: a meta-analysis.
Drug-induced nephrotoxicity caused by amphotericin B lipid complex and liposomal  amphotericin B: a review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and adverse events of mycophenolate mofetil versus cyclophosphamide for  induction therapy of lupus nephritis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Two FSHR variants, haplotypes and meta-analysis in Chinese women with premature ovarian failure and polycystic ovary syndrome.
Apolipoprotein E polymorphisms and type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of 30 studies including 5423 cases and 8197 controls.
Nocebo effects in multiple sclerosis trials: a meta-analysis.
The MPO -463G>A polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 43 case-control studies.
Meta-analysis of association between matrix metalloproteinases 2, 7 and 9 promoter polymorphisms and cancer risk.
Genetic polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase genes GSTM1, GSTT1 and risk of coronary heart disease.
[Clinical effects of modified ultrafiltration during pediatric cardiac surgery: a systematic review].
[Correlation of IL-1beta-511 and IL-1RN VNTR gene polymorphism to coronary heart  disease: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of association between variation in the PDE4D gene and ischemic cerebral infarction risk in Asian populations.
Neuroimaging predictors of transition to psychosis--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serotonin 6 receptor gene and mood disorders: case-control study and meta-analysis.
Endometrial thickness measurement for detecting endometrial cancer in women with  postmenopausal bleeding: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lamivudine in late pregnancy to interrupt in utero transmission of hepatitis B virus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Corneal neovascularization as a risk factor for graft failure and rejection after keratoplasty: an evidence-based meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of alcohol drinking and oral and pharyngeal cancers. Part 1: overall results and dose-risk relation.
Hemostasis in thyroid surgery: harmonic scalpel versus other techniques--a meta-analysis.
Mediating the effect of self-care management intervention in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of 47 randomised controlled trials.
Impact of enhanced external counterpulsation on Canadian Cardiovascular Society angina class in patients with chronic stable angina: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of prehospital airway control techniques part I: orotracheal and  nasotracheal intubation success rates.
What is so special about male adolescent sexual offending? A review and test of explanations through meta-analysis.
Ego depletion and the strength model of self-control: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of free-response studies, 1992-2008: assessing the noise reduction  model in parapsychology.
Meta-analysis of the acute effects of nicotine and smoking on human performance.
Prognostic association of anxiety post myocardial infarction with mortality and new cardiac events: a meta-analysis.
Abnormal glucose metabolism in non-diabetic patients presenting with an acute stroke: prospective study and systematic review.
Diagnostic accuracy of multidetector CT in acute mesenteric ischemia: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Outcome effects of single-set versus multiple-set training--an advanced replication study.
Prevalence of serious bleeding events and intracranial hemorrhage in patients receiving activated protein C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Creatine supplementation for patients with COPD receiving pulmonary rehabilitation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evaluation of the treatment effect of NSAIDs/TNF blockers according to different  domains in ankylosing spondylitis: results of a meta-analysis.
Rates of homicide during the first episode of psychosis and after treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dyskinesia and parkinsonism in antipsychotic-naive patients with schizophrenia, first-degree relatives and healthy controls: a meta-analysis.
The impact of a family history of psychosis on age-at-onset and positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
ABCB1 C3435T polymorphism and the risk of resistance to antiepileptic drugs in epilepsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ocular anomalies in incontinentia pigmenti: literature review and meta-analysis.
Modified therapeutic community for co-occurring disorders: single investigator meta analysis.
Is minimally invasive surgery beneficial in the management of esophageal cancer?  A meta-analysis.
Bosentan for chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension: findings from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of hookworm infection and deworming on anaemia in non-pregnant populations: a systematic review.
Surgical management of varicose veins: meta-analysis.
Advantages of Moxifloxacin and Levofloxacin-based triple therapy for second-line  treatments of persistent Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta analysis.
[Efficacy of autologous bone marrow-derived cells transfer for patients with chronic ischemic heart disease: a meta-analysis].
Alcohol intake and endometrial cancer risk: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Meta-analysis of the impact of human papillomavirus (HPV) on cancer risk and overall survival in head and neck squamous cell carcinomas (HNSCC).
Anxiety and risk of incident coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Statins and all-cause mortality in high-risk primary prevention: a meta-analysis  of 11 randomized controlled trials involving 65,229 participants.
Does chocolate reduce blood pressure? A meta-analysis.
Exposure to benzene at work and the risk of leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence-based appraisal in laparoscopic Nissen and Toupet fundoplications for gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Diabetes mellitus, fasting blood glucose concentration, and risk of vascular disease: a collaborative meta-analysis of 102 prospective studies.
Brief psychological therapies for anxiety and depression in primary care: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Effectiveness of web-based interventions on patient empowerment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of insulin-sensitizing drugs in HIV-associated lipodystrophy syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Efficacy and acceptability of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for the treatment of depression in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
CYP2E1 PstI/RsaI polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Postoperative adjuvant antiviral therapy for hepatitis B/C virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Safety of efavirenz in first-trimester of pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of outcomes from observational cohorts.
[Fatality and secular trend of bloodstream infections during hospitalization in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
A systematic review of population based epidemiological studies in Myasthenia Gravis.
Triple antiplatelet therapy for preventing vascular events: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide for paraquat-induced lung fibrosis.
Interventions for smoking cessation and reduction in individuals with schizophrenia.
Techniques of intrauterine fetal transfusion for women with red-cell isoimmunisation for improving health outcomes.
Antithrombotic therapy for improving maternal or infant health outcomes in women  considered at risk of placental dysfunction.
Whole brain radiation therapy (WBRT) alone versus WBRT and radiosurgery for the treatment of brain metastases.
Immediate postabortal insertion of intrauterine devices.
Azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine for induction of remission in Crohn's disease.
CDKAL1 and type 2 diabetes: a global meta-analysis.
Can physical activity modulate pancreatic cancer risk? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of factor V leiden and prothrombin gene mutation and placenta-mediated pregnancy complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of prospective cohort studies.
Gene expression patterns of dengue virus-infected children from nicaragua reveal  a distinct signature of increased metabolism.
Prediction of prognostic biomarkers for interferon-based therapy to hepatitis C virus patients: a meta-analysis of the NS5A protein in subtypes 1a, 1b, and 3a.
[A meta-analysis of the effectiveness and safety of using tranexamic acid in spine surgery].
Elective high-frequency oscillatory versus conventional ventilation in preterm infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patients' data.
Association of estimated glomerular filtration rate and albuminuria with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in general population cohorts: a collaborative meta-analysis.
Hip fracture risk in relation to vitamin D supplementation and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials and observational studies.
Primary total hip arthroplasty versus hemiarthroplasty for displaced intracapsular hip fractures in older patients: systematic review.
Standard Deviation of normal interbeat intervals as a risk marker in patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction: a meta-analysis.
A genome-wide association study of optic disc parameters.
Drug-eluting versus bare-metal stent for treatment of saphenous vein grafts: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and adverse effects of transdermal fentanyl and sustained-release oral morphine in treating moderate-severe cancer pain in Chinese population: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
HIV prevalence among female sex workers, drug users and men who have sex with men in Brazil: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Omega-3 fatty acids in high-risk cardiovascular patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Artemin is estrogen regulated and mediates antiestrogen resistance in mammary carcinoma.
Midazolam versus diazepam for the treatment of status epilepticus in children and young adults: a meta-analysis.
Mania associated with antidepressant treatment: comprehensive meta-analytic review.
The contribution of active medication to combined treatments of psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy for adult depression: a meta-analysis.
Sildenafil versus continuous positive airway pressure for erectile dysfunction in men with obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: proton pump inhibitor use and the risk of community-acquired pneumonia.
Meta-analysis of studies comparing coronary artery bypass grafting with drug-eluting stenting in patients with diabetes mellitus and multivessel coronary artery disease.
Meat, fish, and ovarian cancer risk: Results from 2 Australian case-control studies, a systematic review, and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of after-school programs that seek to promote personal and social skills in children and adolescents.
Capsule endoscopy has a significantly higher diagnostic yield in patients with suspected and established small-bowel Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Kidney disease after preeclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of folic acid, with or without other B vitamins, on cognitive decline: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
[Accuracy of the procalcitonin test in the diagnosis of occult bacteremia in paediatrics: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
[Evaluation of rapid methods for detecting Streptococcus pyogenes. Systematic review and meta-analysis].
Should in-line filters be used in peripheral intravenous catheters to prevent infusion-related phlebitis? A systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and tolerability of second- and third-generation antihistamines in the treatment of acquired cold urticaria: a meta-analysis.
Bevacizumab combined with chemotherapy for patients with advanced colorectal cancer: a systematic review.
Medication adherence in people of culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds: a meta-analysis.
Current evidence for the management of rheumatoid arthritis with synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs: a systematic literature review informing the EULAR recommendations for the management of rheumatoid arthritis.
Tumour necrosis factor alpha -308G->A polymorphism is not associated with response to TNFalpha blockers in Caucasian patients with rheumatoid arthritis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Management of type A aortic dissections: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass may increase late mortality: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Vincristine in high-grade glioma.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the tolerability and hepatotoxicity of antifungals in empirical and definitive therapy for invasive fungal infection.
[Should biatrial heart transplantation still be performed?: A Meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of the effect of nicotinic acid alone or in combination on cardiovascular events and atherosclerosis.
Ala54Thr polymorphism of fatty acid-binding protein 2 gene and fasting blood lipids: a meta-analysis.
Effects of zinc on plasma lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations in humans: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Review on vocational predictors: a systematic review of predictors of vocational  outcomes among individuals with schizophrenia: an update since 1998.
Quantifying the duration of pre-diabetes.
Meta-analysis of TNF-alpha promoter - 238A/G polymorphism and SLE susceptibility.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter abnormalities in bipolar disorder.
Impact of depression and antidepressant treatment on heart rate variability: a review and meta-analysis.
What measured blood loss tells us about postpartum bleeding: a systematic review.
Thrombophilic factors in idiopathic intracranial hypertension: a report of 51 patients and a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the addition of vincristine plus steroid pulses in maintenance treatment for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia - an individual patient data meta-analysis involving 5,659 children.
Efficacy of atypical v. typical antipsychotics in the treatment of early psychosis: meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the relationship between hospital volume and outcome for lower limb arterial surgery.
A link between the systems: functional differentiation and integration within the human insula revealed by meta-analysis.
Lack of association between catechol-O-methyltransferase Val108/158Met polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 25,627 cases and 34,222 controls.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 polymorphism and breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 46,281 subjects.
Meta-analysis of vitamin D, calcium and the prevention of breast cancer.
XRCC3 Thr241Met polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Effect of perioperative glucose-insulin-potassium infusions on mortality and atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Childhood leukaemia and parental occupational exposure to pesticides: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Circulating folate, vitamin B12, homocysteine, vitamin B12 transport proteins, and risk of prostate cancer: a case-control study, systematic review, and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of computer tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, and positron emission tomography or positron emission tomography/computer tomography  for detection of metastatic lymph nodes in patients with cervical cancer: meta-analysis.
T3111C clock single nucleotide polymorphism and mood disorders: a meta-analysis.
Association of genome-wide variation with the risk of incident heart failure in adults of European and African ancestry: a prospective meta-analysis from the cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology (CHARGE) consortium.
PLA2G7 genotype, lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 activity, and coronary heart disease risk in 10 494 cases and 15 624 controls of European Ancestry.
The effect of growth hormone (GH) replacement on muscle strength in patients with GH-deficiency: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis shows colon capsule endoscopy is effective in detecting colorectal  polyps.
Intensities of renal replacement therapy in acute kidney injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Atraumatic restorative treatment versus amalgam restoration longevity: a systematic review.
Does minimally invasive surgery improve short-term recovery in total knee arthroplasty?
Posttraumatic growth and adjustment among individuals with cancer or HIV/AIDS: a  meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic assessment of Wechsler's P>V sign in antisocial populations.
Applied behavior analytic intervention for autism in early childhood: meta-analysis, meta-regression and dose-response meta-analysis of multiple outcomes.
Drug-eluting stents in acute myocardial infarction: updated meta-analysis of randomized trials.
White matter hyperintensities and their association with suicidality in major affective disorders: a meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Premorbid brain volume estimates and reduced total brain volume in adults exposed to trauma with or without posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
Open vs laparoscopic repair of full-thickness rectal prolapse: a re-meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of microarray data: The case of imatinib resistance in chronic myelogenous leukemia.
Internet use and psychological well-being: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-8 -251 A/T gene polymorphism and gastric cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Assessing the cardio-cerebrovascular safety of vildagliptin: meta-analysis of adjudicated events from a large Phase III type 2 diabetes population.
Aspirin use and the risk of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin10 -592 promoter polymorphism associated with gastric cancer among Asians: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
GSTM1, GSTT1, GSTP1, GSTA1 and colorectal cancer risk: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Lessons from aprotinin: is the routine use and inconsistent dosing of tranexamic  acid prudent? Meta-analysis of randomised and large matched observational studies.
A meta-analysis of randomized control trials of home-based secondary prevention programs for coronary artery disease.
Functional electrical stimulation in the treatment of patients with chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Metabolic syndrome and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Meta-analysis of 20 genome-wide linkage studies evidenced new regions linked to asthma and atopy.
Active screening at entry for tuberculosis among new immigrants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-eluting stents versus coronary artery bypass surgery for multivessel coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of data from the ARTS II, CARDia, ERACI III, and SYNTAX studies and systematic review of observational data.
Role of aspirin in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Uterine artery embolization for fibroids is associated with an increased risk of  miscarriage.
Aspirin in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease: an update of the APTC meta-analysis.
Skewed X chromosome inactivation may be not associated with premature ovarian failure.
Chemoprevention of colorectal cancer: systematic review and economic evaluation.
Diagnostic accuracy of myocardial perfusion imaging and stress echocardiography for the diagnosis of left main and triple vessel coronary artery disease: a comparative meta-analysis.
[ICD therapy as secondary prevention].
Depression and osteoporosis: a research synthesis with meta-analysis.
Association between Helicobacter pylori infection and inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis and systematic review of the literature.
Carotid endarterectomy versus carotid angioplasty with or without stenting for treatment of carotid artery stenosis: an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Maternal folate and other vitamin supplementation during pregnancy and risk of acute lymphoblastic leukemia in the offspring.
Efficacy and tolerability of paliperidone ER and other oral atypical antipsychotics in schizophrenia.
Systematic review and meta analysis: polyethylene glycol in adults with non-organic constipation.
Cetuximab-based therapy for metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of the  effect of K-ras mutations.
Birth weight and risk of neuroblastoma: a meta-analysis.
Zinc supplementation for the prevention of acute lower respiratory infection in children in developing countries: meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized trials.
Disinfection by-products in drinking water and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between day-care attendance and childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Economic evaluation of the direct healthcare cost savings resulting from the use  of walking interventions to prevent coronary heart disease in Australia.
Robotic vs. laparoscopic Nissen fundoplication for gastro-oesophageal reflux disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption and risk of incident human immunodeficiency virus infection:  a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of intensive versus nonintensive physiotherapy in children with cerebral palsy: a meta-analysis.
Use of dexmedetomidine as a sedative and analgesic agent in critically ill adult  patients: a meta-analysis.
Outcome of acute kidney injury in severe burns: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of directly observed therapy for highly active antiretroviral therapy on virologic, immunologic, and adherence outcomes: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Effectiveness of cutaneous warming systems on temperature control: meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of antidepressants in preventing relapse in anxiety disorders - a meta-analysis.
Long-term outcome of a routine versus selective invasive strategy in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Efficacy of antibiotic prophylaxis for the prevention of Lyme disease: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Surgical compared with conservative treatment for acute nondisplaced or minimally displaced scaphoid fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of androgen deprivation therapy on body composition in men with prostate cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
An update of controlled physical activity trials in cancer survivors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of catheter ablation versus antiarrhythmic drugs for atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Early administration of small-molecule glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors before primary percutaneous coronary intervention for ST-elevation myocardial infarction: insights from randomized clinical trials.
Effect of niacin therapy on cardiovascular outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease.
Clinical review 1: Adverse effects of testosterone therapy in adult men: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
123I-meta-iodobenzylguanidine scintigraphy for the detection of neuroblastoma and pheochromocytoma: results of a meta-analysis.
Encoding processes influence word-stem completion priming in Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of telmisartan versus valsartan in the management of essential hypertension.
Naloxone in the management of hepatic encephalopathy.
Complementary and alternative medicine for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of patient characteristics, placebo-response rates, and treatment outcomes relative to standard antidepressants.
A comparison of the efficacy of medications for adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder using meta-analysis of effect sizes.
Semantic processing in the anterior temporal lobes: a meta-analysis of the functional neuroimaging literature.
Prevalence and incidence rates of Crohn's disease in mainland China: a meta-analysis of 55 years of research.
Comparison of immunochemical and guaiac-based fecal occult blood test in screening and surveillance for advanced colorectal neoplasms: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic factors in apical surgery with root-end filling: a meta-analysis.
Effects of parenting education with expectant and new parents: a meta-analysis.
Potentially functional COX-2-1195G>A polymorphism increases the risk of digestive system cancers: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials that compared laparoscopy-assisted and open distal gastrectomy for early gastric cancer.
Adjuvant interferon therapy after curative therapy for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC): a meta-regression approach.
Gaucher disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of bone complications and  their response to treatment.
Improved clinical outcomes with intracoronary compared to intravenous abciximab in patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Management of skin toxicity during radiation therapy: a review of the evidence.
Diagnostic accuracy of 64-slice computed tomography coronary angiography for the  detection of in-stent restenosis: a meta-analysis.
What is patient safety culture? A review of the literature.
A systematic review of topical treatments to control the odor of malignant fungating wounds.
Hydrocortisone for hypotension and vasopressor dependence in preterm neonates: a  meta-analysis.
The effects of mindfulness-based stress reduction therapy on mental health of adults with a chronic medical disease: a meta-analysis.
Effect of psychiatric consultation models in primary care. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Angiotensin II type 1 receptor gene A1166C polymorphism and essential hypertension in Chinese: a meta-analysis.
Word learning in children with primary language impairment: a meta-analysis.
Peritoneal drainage versus laparotomy for necrotizing enterocolitis and intestinal perforation: a meta-analysis.
Impact of positive pleural lavage cytology on survival in patients having lung resection for non-small-cell lung cancer: An international individual patient data meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing irinotecan/platinum with etoposide/platinum in patients with previously untreated extensive-stage small cell lung cancer.
Varicocele repair in patients with nonobstructive azoospermia: a meta-analysis.
Drug-eluting versus bare-metal stents in unprotected left main coronary artery stenosis a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effect of neuromuscular training on the prevention of the  anterior cruciate ligament injury in female athletes.
Community-acquired bloodstream infections in Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sputum monitoring during tuberculosis treatment for predicting outcome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
T-Tube or no T-tube in the reconstruction of the biliary tract during orthotopic  liver transplantation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of TP53 codon 72 with prostate carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
Prone positioning improves survival in severe ARDS: a pathophysiologic review and individual patient meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy profiles of tocilizumab monotherapy in Japanese patients with rheumatoid arthritis: meta-analysis of six initial trials and five long-term extensions.
A meta-analysis of the association of STAT4 polymorphism with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of Sativex (nabiximols), on spasticity in people with multiple sclerosis.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis identifies seven new rheumatoid arthritis risk loci.
Comparison of the disparity between Talairach and MNI coordinates in functional neuroimaging data: validation of the Lancaster transform.
[Meta-analysis on the efficacy of Epley's manoeuvre in benign paroxysmal positional vertigo].
Effectiveness of medications used to attenuate antipsychotic-related weight gain  and metabolic abnormalities: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
No justification for cervical disk prostheses in clinical practice: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Summary and meta-analysis of prospective studies of animal fat intake and breast  cancer.
Heparin treatment in antiphospholipid syndrome with recurrent pregnancy loss: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychosocial work environment and stress-related disorders, a systematic review.
Structure-modifying effects of chondroitin sulfate in knee osteoarthritis: an updated meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials of 2-year duration.
A risk-benefit assessment of paracetamol (acetaminophen) combined with caffeine.
High or low oxygen saturation and severe retinopathy of prematurity: a meta-analysis.
Effect of dopamine D3 receptor gene polymorphisms and clozapine treatment response: exploratory analysis of nine polymorphisms and meta-analysis of the Ser9Gly variant.
Therapeutic effects of low-level laser on lateral epicondylitis from differential interventions of Chinese-Western medicine: systematic review.
Internal fixation of mandibular angle fractures: a meta-analysis.
Evaluating the quality of research into a single prognostic biomarker: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 83 studies of C-reactive protein in stable coronary artery disease.
A meta-analysis of the effectiveness of placebo manipulations in alcohol-challenge studies.
Aging and directed forgetting in episodic memory: A meta-analysis.
When less is enough: Cognitive aging, information search, and decision quality in consumer choice.
Validity of Rorschach Inkblot scores for discriminating psychopaths from non-psychopaths in forensic populations: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of psychological assessment as a therapeutic intervention.
The dose of continuous renal replacement therapy for acute renal failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of adalimumab for treating rheumatoid arthritis.
Iron deficiency anemia in Helicobacter pylori infection: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Where have all the women gone?: participant gender in epidemiological and non-epidemiological research of schizophrenia.
Predictors of mortality in adult patients with ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of Valerian on insomnia: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
ADHD and the DRD4 exon III 7-repeat polymorphism: an international meta-analysis.
Prevalence of asymptomatic carotid artery stenosis in the general population: an  individual participant data meta-analysis.
Efficacy of homocysteine-lowering therapy with folic Acid in stroke prevention: a meta-analysis.
Chromosome 9p21 in ischemic stroke: population structure and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the therapeutic effect of hepatectomy versus radiofrequency ablation for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma.
A meta-analysis comparing conservative treatment versus acute appendectomy for complicated appendicitis (abscess or phlegmon).
A meta-analysis comparing side to end with colonic J-pouch formation after anterior resection for rectal cancer.
Effect of diet on asthma and allergic sensitisation in the International Study on Allergies and Asthma in Childhood (ISAAC) Phase Two.
4G/5G polymorphism and haplotypes of SERPINE1 in atherosclerotic diseases of coronary arteries.
Prevalence and clinical history of incidental, asymptomatic pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
Sinus floor augmentation surgery using autologous bone grafts from various donor  sites: a meta-analysis of the total bone volume.
Meta-analysis of supramaximal effects in in vitro estrogenicity assays.
The effect of plasma transfusion on morbidity and mortality: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Evidence-based practice guidelines for plasma transfusion.
Basiliximab or antithymocyte globulin for induction therapy in kidney transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of all immune epitope data in the Flavivirus genus: inventory of current immune epitope data status in the context of virus immunity and immunopathology.
[Meta-analysis of the relationship between passive smoking population in China and lung cancer].
[Colloids vs. crystalloids in fluid resuscitation for septic shock: a meta-analysis].
[AIDS/HIV prevention and control among long-distance drivers in China: a Meta analysis].
[Effects of testosterone substitution on metabolic syndrome-related factors in hypogonadal males: a meta-analysis].
Effects of fibrates on cardiovascular outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fibrates in the prevention of cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus--a pooled meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Multi-detector computerized tomography angiography for evaluation of acute chest  pain--a meta analysis and systematic review of literature.
High-dose vs low-dose proton pump inhibitors for upper gastrointestinal bleeding: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of adrenocortical tumour genomics data: novel pathogenic pathways revealed.
Magnitude of benefit of the addition of bevacizumab to first-line chemotherapy for metastatic colorectal cancer: meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Prevention of atrial fibrillation by Renin-Angiotensin system inhibition a meta-analysis.
Markers of dysglycaemia and risk of coronary heart disease in people without diabetes: Reykjavik prospective study and systematic review.
Consequences of the expanding global distribution of Aedes albopictus for dengue  virus transmission.
[Toll-like receptor gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to inflammatory bowel disease in Chinese Han and Caucasian populations].
Tai Chi on psychological well-being: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Allele polymorphisms of interleukin-10 and hepatitis B, C virus infection.
HIV/TB co-infection in mainland China: a meta-analysis.
What leads Indians to participate in clinical trials? A meta-analysis of qualitative studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of bone metabolism in prostate adenocarcinoma.
Meta-analysis of the diagnostic performance of stress perfusion cardiovascular magnetic resonance for detection of coronary artery disease.
Prenatal and postpartum depression in fathers and its association with maternal depression: a meta-analysis.
Statin treatment and mortality in bacterial infections--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Why functional pre-erythrocytic and bloodstage malaria vaccines fail: a meta-analysis of fully protective immunizations and novel immunological model.
Alcohol consumption and the risk of morbidity and mortality for different stroke  types--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
High frequency oscillation in patients with acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS): systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of antibiotic prescribing in primary care on antimicrobial resistance in individual patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of HIV prevention for youth in sub-Saharan Africa: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized trials.
Does MC1R genotype convey information about melanoma risk beyond risk phenotypes?
Clinical and demographic characteristics of PINK1 mutation carriers--a meta-analysis.
The effect of diabetes mellitus on immunological response to hepatitis B virus vaccine in individuals with chronic kidney disease: A meta-analysis of current literature.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of Saccharomyces boulardii in adult patients.
Strength of association between umbilical cord pH and perinatal and long term outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Iron supplementation for breath-holding attacks in children.
Human chorionic gonadotrophin for threatened miscarriage.
Joint lavage for osteoarthritis of the knee.
Chemotherapy and supportive care versus supportive care alone for advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
High-dose chemotherapy and autologous haematopoietic stem cell rescue for children with high-risk neuroblastoma.
Aerobic exercise training programmes for improving physical and psychosocial health in adults with Down syndrome.
Stroke liaison workers for stroke patients and carers: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Different anthracycline derivates for reducing cardiotoxicity in cancer patients.
Treatment of periodontal disease for glycaemic control in people with diabetes.
Drug-eluting stents versus bare metal stents for angina or acute coronary syndromes.
Immediate post-partum insertion of intrauterine devices.
A meta-analysis of the effectiveness of albendazole compared with metronidazole as treatments for infections with Giardia duodenalis.
The effects of long-acting bronchodilators on total mortality in patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
High-dose vs non-high-dose proton pump inhibitors after endoscopic treatment in patients with bleeding peptic ulcer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effectiveness and efficiency of primary care based case management for chronic diseases: rationale and design of a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and non-randomized trials [CRD32009100316].
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma 34C>G polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Effects of intensive glucose control on incidence of cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of Epstein-Barr virus capsid antigen-IgA in nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Association between a germline OCA2 polymorphism at chromosome 15q13.1 and estrogen receptor-negative breast cancer survival.
Anatomical and functional connectivity of cytoarchitectonic areas within the human parietal operculum.
Benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy for resectable gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
A cross-laboratory comparison of expression profiling data from normal human postmortem brain.
Meta-analysis: Noninvasive ventilation in acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema.
[Choose which method for the chemotherapy of epithelial ovarian carcinoma: a meta-analysis].
Instructional design variations in internet-based learning for health professions education: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is physical activity a potential preventive factor for vascular dementia? A systematic review.
Meta-analysis of the effect of radiofrequency catheter ablation on left atrial size, volumes and function in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Is there an increased risk of GERD after Helicobacter pylori eradication?: a meta-analysis.
Increased risk of high-grade hypertension with bevacizumab in cancer patients: a  meta-analysis.
Effect of thiazolidinediones on albuminuria and proteinuria in diabetes: a meta-analysis.
In-vitro orthodontic bond strength testing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of the Picture Exchange Communication System (PECS) on communication and speech for children with autism spectrum disorders: a meta-analysis.
Management of tarsal navicular stress fractures: conservative versus surgical treatment: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of average and variability of time to extubation comparing isoflurane with desflurane or isoflurane with sevoflurane.
Depressive symptom outcomes of physical activity interventions: meta-analysis findings.
Prevalence of mental health conditions in cancer patients in acute care--a meta-analysis.
High dose intensity doxorubicin in aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a literature-based meta-analysis.
Association of CD40 with rheumatoid arthritis confirmed in a large UK case-control study.
Vypro II mesh for inguinal hernia repair: a meta analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Elective midline laparotomy closure: the INLINE systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of oncologic outcomes of pre- versus postoperative radiation in localized resectable soft-tissue sarcoma.
The role of inhaled corticosteroids and montelukast in children with mild-moderate asthma: results of a systematic review with meta-analysis.
The effect of fluconazole prophylaxis in very low birthweight infants is overestimated by before-after studies.
NAT2 polymorphism and gastric cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Rheumatic disease and carotid intima-media thickness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protection against anti-citrullinated protein antibody-positive rheumatoid arthritis is predominantly associated with HLA-DRB1*1301: a meta-analysis of HLA-DRB1 associations with anti-citrullinated protein antibody-positive and anti-citrullinated protein antibody-negative rheumatoid arthritis in four European populations.
Bioabsorbable versus metallic interference screw fixation in anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Circulating blood volumes: a review of measurement techniques and a meta-analysis in children.
Alcohol use and hippocampal volume deficits in adults with posttraumatic stress disorder: A meta-analysis.
What is the best way to change self-efficacy to promote lifestyle and recreational physical activity? A systematic review with meta-analysis.
Comparison of complications attributable to enteral and parenteral nutrition in predicted severe acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Face-down posturing after macular hole surgery: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of bupropion for smoking cessation and reduction in schizophrenia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
GSTT1 and GSTP1 polymorphisms and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Potentially functional polymorphisms in ESR1 and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Partial breast irradiation or whole breast radiotherapy for early breast cancer:  a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Anesthetic dose neuraxial blockade increases the success rate of external fetal version: a meta-analysis.
Replication and meta-analysis of 13,000 cases defines the risk for interleukin-23 receptor and autophagy-related 16-like 1 variants in Crohn's disease.
Parkinson's disease and cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of incidence and risk of hypokalemia with cetuximab-based therapy for advanced cancer.
Interaction between cigarette smoking and hepatitis B and C virus infection on the risk of liver cancer: a meta-analysis.
Maternal alcohol consumption during pregnancy and risk of childhood leukemia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
CASP8 polymorphisms contribute to cancer susceptibility: evidence from a meta-analysis of 23 publications with 55 individual studies.
[Survival, mortality and quality of life after pylorus-preserving or classical Whipple operation. A systematic review with meta-analysis].
Effects of stem cell therapy on left ventricular remodeling after acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the prevalence of irritable bowel syndrome in individuals with dyspepsia.
Loading protocols for mandibular implant overdentures: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Treatment of active tuberculosis in HIV-coinfected patients: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Updated meta-analysis of the MMPI-2 symptom validity scale (FBS): verified utility in forensic practice.
Supplemental calcium in the chemoprevention of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cetuximab-based therapy vs noncetuximab therapy in advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of seven randomized controlled trials.
'Normal' semantic-phonemic fluency discrepancy in Alzheimer's disease? A meta-analytic study.
High-dose renal replacement therapy for acute kidney injury: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of vitamin D3 supplementation in preventing fractures in elderly women:  a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of intranasal fentanyl spray versus other opioids for breakthrough pain  in cancer.
Association between glycated haemoglobin and the risk of lower extremity amputation in patients with diabetes mellitus-review and meta-analysis.
Clinical effectiveness of selective granulocyte, monocyte adsorptive apheresis with the Adacolumn device in ulcerative colitis.
Can endoscopic ultrasound predict early rectal cancers that can be resected endoscopically? A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Sex-dependent differences in cytochrome P450 3A activity as assessed by midazolam disposition in humans: a meta-analysis.
Can early precut implementation reduce endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography-related complication risk? Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Narrow band imaging for characterization of high grade dysplasia and specialized  intestinal metaplasia in Barrett's esophagus: a meta-analysis.
Estimating error in using residential outdoor PM2.5 concentrations as proxies for personal exposures: a meta-analysis.
Exposure to disinfection by-products, fetal growth, and prematurity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between cysticercosis and epilepsy in Africa.
Surgical outcomes in lesional and non-lesional epilepsy: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Statins, fibrates, and venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis.
Late stent malapposition risk is higher after drug-eluting stent compared with bare-metal stent implantation and associates with late stent thrombosis.
IL-8 -251A/T polymorphism is associated with decreased cancer risk among population-based studies: evidence from a meta-analysis.
MC1R variants increase melanoma risk in families with CDKN2A mutations: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the association of HER-2 overexpression with prognosis in human osteosarcoma.
Percutaneous aspiration versus tube drainage for spontaneous pneumothorax: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between P53 codon 72 polymorphism and colorectal cancer.
Secondary interventions following endovascular aneurysm repair (EVAR) and the enduring value of graft surveillance.
Safety and efficacy of drug-eluting stents versus bare-metal stents in saphenous  vein grafts lesions: a meta-analysis.
Usefulness of statins in preventing atrial fibrillation in patients with permanent pacemaker: a systematic review.
Randomized controlled trials on the therapeutic effects of adult progenitor cells for myocardial infarction: meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption and lung cancer risk among Japanese: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis shows that detection of circulating tumor cells indicates poor prognosis in patients with colorectal cancer.
What is the role of consultation-liaison psychiatry in the management of depression in primary care? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of naproxen sodium in the acute treatment of migraine.
STAT4 gene influences genetic predisposition to ulcerative colitis but not Crohn's disease in the Spanish population: a replication study.
The impact of body mass index on semen parameters and reproductive hormones in human males: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Artemisinin derivatives versus quinine for severe malaria in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Phenobarbitone for prevention and treatment of unconjugated hyperbilirubinemia in preterm neonates: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between serum amyloid A and obesity: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Systematic lymphadenectomy for survival in epithelial ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of body mass index to identify obesity as defined by body  adiposity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Atrial fibrillation and the risk of death in patients with heart failure: a literature-based meta-analysis.
The comparative efficacy of plant sterols and stanols on serum lipids: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of cognitive-behavior therapy for anxiety disorders on concomitant sleep disturbances: a meta-analysis.
Use of long-acting beta-agonists and inhaled steroids in asthma: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Effects of different impact exercise modalities on bone mineral density in premenopausal women: a meta-analysis.
Extending the boundaries of cardiac resynchronization therapy: efficacy in atrial fibrillation, New York heart association class II, and narrow QRS heart failure patients.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of erythropoietin in experimental stroke.
Meta-analysis of concomitant versus sequential radiochemotherapy in locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Fusion gene-negative alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma is clinically and molecularly indistinguishable from embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma.
Risk of arterial thromboembolic events with sunitinib and sorafenib: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Two topical calcineurin inhibitors for the treatment of atopic dermatitis in pediatric patients: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Impact of a retained instrument on treatment outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hepatitis B immunoglobulins and/or lamivudine for preventing hepatitis B recurrence after liver transplantation: a systematic review.
Terlipressin therapy for reversal of type 1 hepatorenal syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of preoperative single-dose corticosteroid administration on postoperative morbidity following esophagectomy.
A meta-analysis of four genome-wide association studies of survival to age 90 years or older: the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology  Consortium.
Neutrophil CD64 expression as marker of bacterial infection: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Mycobacterium vaccae vaccine to prevent tuberculosis in high risk people: a meta-analysis.
Tumour necrosis factor-alpha polymorphisms and hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Pegylated interferon monotherapy of chronic hepatitis C in dialysis patients: Meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Relationship of aggressive monitoring and treatment to improved outcomes in severe traumatic brain injury.
Biopsy versus resection in the management of malignant gliomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Zinc supplementation in children is not associated with decreases in hemoglobin concentrations.
The efficacy of adherence interventions for chronically ill children: a meta-analytic review.
Comparison of the Nuss and the Ravitch procedure for pectus excavatum repair: a meta-analysis.
Increased late mortality with percutaneous stenting for unprotected left main coronary artery stenosis relative to coronary artery bypass grafting: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Miniaturized cardiopulmonary bypass improves short-term outcome in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials on the efficacy of posterior pericardiotomy in preventing atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass surgery.
Primary tumor standardized uptake value measured on fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography is of prognostic value for survival in non-small cell lung cancer: update of a systematic review and meta-analysis by the European Lung Cancer Working Party for the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer Staging Project.
Clinical implications of clopidogrel non-response in cardiovascular patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical prediction rules for pulmonary embolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence of arterial cardiovascular events after venous thromboembolism: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Is staging beneficial for Fowler-Stephens orchiopexy? A systematic review.
Gemcitabine-based cytotoxic doublets chemotherapy for advanced pancreatic cancer: updated subgroup meta-analyses of overall survival.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A(2) and risk of coronary disease, stroke, and mortality: collaborative analysis of 32 prospective studies.
Global burden of acute lower respiratory infections due to respiratory syncytial  virus in young children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Increased risk of invasive bacterial infections in African people with sickle-cell disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Global and regional risk of disabling sequelae from bacterial meningitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transarterial chemoembolization in combination with percutaneous ablation therapy in unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Induction and maintenance therapy for lupus nephritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dose-response relationship of resistance training in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Soy isoflavones versus placebo in the treatment of climacteric vasomotor symptoms: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and functional effects of the SLC30A8 rs13266634 polymorphism on isolated human pancreatic islets.
Review and meta-analysis of antidepressant pharmacogenetic findings in major depressive disorder.
Meta-analysis and imputation refines the association of 15q25 with smoking quantity.
Self-reflection and the brain: a theoretical review and meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies with implications for schizophrenia.
Neurological soft signs in non-psychotic first-degree relatives of patients with  schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anxiety outcomes after physical activity interventions: meta-analysis findings.
A meta-analytic study of predictors of anger in adolescents.
Dipeptydil peptidase-4 inhibitors in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Impact of lipid emulsion containing fish oil on outcomes of surgical patients: systematic review of randomized controlled trials from Europe and Asia.
Exercise following bariatric surgery: systematic review.
Bladder cancer among hairdressers: a meta-analysis.
Ambient particulate pollution and the world-wide prevalence of asthma, rhinoconjunctivitis and eczema in children: Phase One of the International Study  of Asthma and Allergies in Childhood (ISAAC).
The prevalence of age-related macular degeneration in Asians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does land-based exercise reduce pain and disability associated with hip osteoarthritis? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of interleukin-6 promoter polymorphisms on risk of hip and knee osteoarthritis.
The burden of neuropathic pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis of health utilities.
On the relationship between glomerular filtration rate and serum creatinine in children.
Updated meta-analysis of probiotics for preventing necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm neonates.
Similarity and agreement in self-and other perception: a meta-analysis.
Two decades of terror management theory: a meta-analysis of mortality salience research.
The truth about the truth: a meta-analytic review of the truth effect.
[Economy class syndrome: a meta analysis evaluates the risk of venous thromboembolism].
Effectiveness of standardized ginkgo biloba extract on cognitive symptoms of dementia with a six-month treatment: a bivariate random effect meta-analysis.
Publication bias on clinical studies of pharmacokinetic interactions between felodipine and grapefruit juice.
Iron deficiency anaemia can be improved after eradication of Helicobacter pylori.
A meta-analytic review of achievement goal measures: different labels for the same constructs or different constructs with similar labels?
Evaluative conditioning in humans: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the impact of short-term sleep deprivation on cognitive variables.
Review and meta-analysis of epidemiological associations between low/moderate doses of ionizing radiation and circulatory disease risks, and their possible mechanisms.
Abandoning daily routine chest radiography in the intensive care unit: meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in the transforming growth factor-beta1 gene and the risk of asthma: A meta-analysis.
Fc receptor-like 3 -169 C/T polymorphism and RA susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
The psychiatric symptomatology of deficit schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Sleep duration and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of  prospective studies.
A meta-analysis of the clinical effectiveness of school scoliosis screening.
Resistance training in the treatment of the metabolic syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of resistance training on metabolic clustering in patients with abnormal glucose metabolism.
Efficacy of intra-arterial fibrinolysis for acute ischemic stroke: meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Excess body weight and incidence of stroke: meta-analysis of prospective studies  with 2 million participants.
Association of p22phox gene C242T polymorphism with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Value of liver herniation in prediction of outcome in fetal congenital diaphragmatic hernia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of transurethral resection of the prostate versus minimally invasive procedures for the treatment of benign prostatic obstruction.
From the Cochrane library: Ginkgo biloba for intermittent claudication.
[The association of XPD G312A polymorphism with lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis].
[Immunogenicity for different formulation of influenza A (H1N1) 2009 vaccines: a  meta-analysis of seven randomized clinical trials].
[A meta-analysis of the safety of simultaneous versus staged resection for synchronous liver metastasis from colorectal cancer].
Meta-analysis of archived DNA microarrays identifies genes regulated by hypoxia and involved in a metastatic phenotype in cancer cells.
Correlation between amygdala volume and age in bipolar disorder - a systematic review and meta-analysis of structural MRI studies.
Exhaled carbon monoxide in asthmatics: a meta-analysis.
Sex disparities in attitudes towards intimate partner violence against women in sub-Saharan Africa: a socio-ecological analysis.
Impact of thrombophilia on risk of arterial ischemic stroke or cerebral sinovenous thrombosis in neonates and children: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Efficacy and safety of drug-eluting stents in chronic total coronary occlusion recanalization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Two new Loci for body-weight regulation identified in a joint analysis of genome-wide association studies for early-onset extreme obesity in French and german study groups.
Remission induction and maintenance effect of probiotics on ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
Exercise and global well-being in community-dwelling adults with fibromyalgia: a  systematic review with meta-analysis.
Inpatient rehabilitation specifically designed for geriatric patients: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Preoperative/neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of response and resection percentages.
Suicide in Australia: meta-analysis of rates and methods of suicide between 1988  and 2007.
Comparison by meta-analysis of drug-eluting stents and bare metal stents for saphenous vein graft intervention.
Meta-analysis of clinical studies comparing coronary artery bypass grafting with  percutaneous coronary intervention and drug-eluting stents in patients with unprotected left main coronary artery narrowings.
Field synopsis and synthesis of genetic association studies in osteoarthritis: the CUMAGAS-OSTEO information system.
Meta-analysis of trials evaluating parenteral antimicrobial therapy for skin and  soft tissue infections.
Diagnostic accuracy meta-analysis: a review of the basic principles of interpretation and application.
Frequency of sleep apnea in stroke and TIA patients: a meta-analysis.
How common is the most common adult movement disorder? Update on the worldwide prevalence of essential tremor.
ALE meta-analysis of action observation and imitation in the human brain.
Sertraline versus other antidepressive agents for depression.
Family therapy for anorexia nervosa.
Surgical management of pelvic organ prolapse in women.
Topical agents or dressings for pain in venous leg ulcers.
Effect of noninsulin antidiabetic drugs added to metformin therapy on glycemic control, weight gain, and hypoglycemia in type 2 diabetes.
Risk for asthma in offspring of asthmatic mothers versus fathers: a meta-analysis.
Adjuvant chemotherapy, with or without postoperative radiotherapy, in operable non-small-cell lung cancer: two meta-analyses of individual patient data.
Moxibustion for cancer care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Moxibustion for ulcerative colitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interferon alpha adjuvant therapy in patients with high-risk melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Premedication with clonidine is superior to benzodiazepines. A meta analysis of published studies.
Risk of cardiac ischemia and arterial thromboembolic events with the angiogenesis inhibitor bevacizumab in cancer patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Plate fixation or intramedullary fixation of humeral shaft fractures.
Diagnostic performance of urine dipstick testing in children with suspected UTI:  a systematic review of relationship with age and comparison with microscopy.
[Assessment of the PCA3 test for prostate cancer diagnosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Chronic diseases and risk for depression in old age: a meta-analysis of published literature.
Meta-analysis: the effects of proton pump inhibitors on cardiovascular events and mortality in patients receiving clopidogrel.
Meta-analysis: folic acid in the chemoprevention of colorectal adenomas and colorectal cancer.
Meta-analysis: targeting the intestinal microbiota in prophylaxis for post-operative Crohn's disease.
A meta-analysis on wood dust exposure and risk of asthma.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials on the efficacy of vascular closure devices after diagnostic angiography and angioplasty.
The association between atopy and childhood/adolescent leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of dose-response characteristics of hydrochlorothiazide and chlorthalidone: effects on systolic blood pressure and potassium.
Smoking as a risk factor for prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of 24 prospective cohort studies.
Risk of colorectal carcinoma in post-liver transplant patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between nitrous oxide and the incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cochrane corner: hypothermia for neuroprotection in adults after cardiopulmonary  resuscitation.
Effect of statins pretreatment on periprocedural myocardial infarction in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
PADI4 genotype is not associated with rheumatoid arthritis in a large UK Caucasian population.
Comparison of skin-sparing mastectomy versus non-skin-sparing mastectomy for breast cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
High risk of clinical cardiovascular events in rheumatoid arthritis: Levels of associations of myocardial infarction and stroke through a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Assessment of the association between genetic polymorphisms in transforming growth factor beta, and its binding protein (LTBP), and the presence, and expansion, of Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm.
HLA class II polymorphism in Latin American patients with multiple sclerosis.
Sexual orientation and the second to fourth finger length ratio: a meta-analysis  in men and women.
Effects of extremely low-frequency magnetic field exposure on cognitive functions: results of a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of two-dimensional electrophoresis pattern of the Parkinson's disease-related protein DJ-1.
Effects of treatment in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and acceptability of mood stabilisers in the treatment of acute bipolar  depression: systematic review.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the diagnostic and therapeutic role of water-soluble contrast agent in adhesive small bowel obstruction.
Diagnostic value of vacuum-assisted breast biopsy for breast carcinoma: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Outcome of axillary staging in early breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Three common TP53 polymorphisms in susceptibility to breast cancer, evidence from meta-analysis.
P53 codon 72 polymorphism contributes to breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 39 case-control studies.
Endotoxin exposure and lung cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the published literature on agriculture and cotton textile workers.
Cetuximab-based therapy versus non-cetuximab therapy for advanced cancer: a meta-analysis of 17 randomized controlled trials.
Genetic polymorphism of epidermal growth factor 61A>G and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
VEGFA +936C>T polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Intron 3 16 bp duplication polymorphism of TP53 contributes to cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Peer victimization and internalizing problems in children: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
The diagnostic value of urine-based survivin mRNA test using reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction for bladder cancer: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopy-assisted distal gastrectomy and conventional open distal gastrectomy for early gastric cancer.
The Valsalva maneuver in Chagas disease patients without cardiopathy.
Calcitonin and carcinoembryonic antigen doubling times as prognostic factors in medullary thyroid carcinoma: a structured meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the role of high-dose statins administered prior to percutaneous coronary intervention in reducing major adverse cardiac events in patients with coronary artery disease.
Cardiovascular effects of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition or angiotensin receptor blockade in hemodialysis: a meta-analysis.
The effect of physical exercise on cancer-related fatigue during cancer treatment: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
A model-based meta-analysis of the effect of latanoprost chronotherapy on the circadian intraocular pressure of patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
Cholinesterase inhibitors as adjunctive therapy in patients with schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder: a review and meta-analysis of the literature.
From floated to conventional confidence intervals for the relative risks based on published dose-response data.
The efficacy and safety of proton pump inhibitors vs histamine-2 receptor antagonists for stress ulcer bleeding prophylaxis among critical care patients: a meta-analysis.
Rivaroxaban vs dabigatran for thromboprophylaxis after joint-replacement surgery: exploratory indirect comparison based on meta-analysis of pivotal clinical trials.
Sublingual immunotherapy in daily medical practice: effectiveness of different treatment schedules - IPD meta-analysis.
The effect of intensive glucose control on all-cause and cardiovascular mortality, myocardial infarction and stroke in persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Postoperative mortality in cancer patients with preexisting diabetes: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Identifying psychosocial interventions that improve both physical and mental health in patients with diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bioengineered skin in diabetic foot ulcers.
Nurse diabetes case management interventions and blood glucose control: results of a meta-analysis.
Birthweight and the risk of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis of observational studies using individual patient data.
A comparison of methadone, buprenorphine and alpha(2) adrenergic agonists for opioid detoxification: a mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
[Use of rifampicin plus pyrazinamide for antituberculosis prophylaxis does not increase the risk of severe hepatotoxicity in HIV patients: meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials].
Short-term effects of PM10 and NO2 on respiratory health among children with asthma or asthma-like symptoms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing the efficacy of stimulants for ADHD in children and adolescents using meta-analysis.
Does delaying adjuvant chemotherapy after curative surgery for colorectal cancer  impair survival? A meta-analysis.
Warm versus cold cardioplegia for heart surgery: a meta-analysis.
Risk of spontaneous miscarriage in euthyroid women with thyroid autoimmunity undergoing IVF: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of cardiac resynchronization therapy in mild congestive heart failure: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Duplex ultrasound and contrast-enhanced ultrasound versus computed tomography for the detection of endoleak after EVAR: systematic review and bivariate meta-analysis.
MAP17 is associated with the T-helper cell cytokine-induced down-regulation of filaggrin transcription in human keratinocytes.
Bilateral balance impairments after lateral ankle trauma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis evaluating the accuracy of colon capsule endoscopy in detecting colon polyps.
Lack of evidence for fracture prevention in early breast cancer bisphosphonate trials: a meta-analysis.
MTHFR 677C>T and ACE D/I polymorphisms in migraine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is direct stenting superior to stenting with predilation in patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention? Results from a meta-analysis of 24 randomised controlled trials.
Peginterferon alpha-2a is associated with higher sustained virological response than peginterferon alfa-2b in chronic hepatitis C: systematic review of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of survival rates of untreated patients in randomized clinical trials of hepatocellular carcinoma.
The interrelationship of serum 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D, 25-hydroxyvitamin D and 24,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in pregnancy at term: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on the effectiveness of somatostatin analogues for pancreatic surgery: a Cochrane review.
A meta-analysis of three polymorphisms in the endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene (NOS3) and their effect on the risk of diabetic nephropathy.
The association of interleukin-1alpha and interleukin-1beta polymorphisms with the risk of Graves' disease in a case-control study and meta-analysis.
A large replication study and meta-analysis in European samples provides further  support for association of AHI1 markers with schizophrenia.
Greater cardiovascular responses to laboratory mental stress are associated with  poor subsequent cardiovascular risk status: a meta-analysis of prospective evidence.
Risk factors for injury and severe injury in youth ice hockey: a systematic review of the literature.
GSTT1 and GSTM1 polymorphisms and myelodysplastic syndrome risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serum levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and colorectal cancer risk: results from the EPIC  cohort, plus a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Budesonide/formoterol for maintenance and reliever therapy of asthma: a meta analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of psychological and pharmacological treatments for binge eating disorder.
Effectiveness of measles vaccination and vitamin A treatment.
The effect of Haemophilus influenzae type b and pneumococcal conjugate vaccines on childhood pneumonia incidence, severe morbidity and mortality.
The effect of case management on childhood pneumonia mortality in developing countries.
'Kangaroo mother care' to prevent neonatal deaths due to preterm birth complications.
Antenatal steroids in preterm labour for the prevention of neonatal deaths due to complications of preterm birth.
Folic acid to reduce neonatal mortality from neural tube disorders.
Tetanus toxoid immunization to reduce mortality from neonatal tetanus.
Glutathione-S-transferase genes and asthma phenotypes: a Human Genome Epidemiology (HuGE) systematic review and meta-analysis including unpublished data.
Does BCG vaccination protect against the development of childhood asthma? A systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Bupivacaine versus normal saline for relief of post-adenotonsillectomy pain in children: a meta-analysis.
Prone ventilation reduces mortality in patients with acute respiratory failure and severe hypoxemia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of obesity interventions among U.S. minority children.
Valproate for the treatment of acute bipolar depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Traditional Chinese Medicine for treatment of fibromyalgia: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Traditional Chinese Medicine for treatment of cerebral palsy in children: a systematic review of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis for bioequivalence studies: interchangeability of generic drugs and similar containing Hydrochlorothiazide is possible but not with Enalapril Maleate.
Esmolol reduces perioperative ischemia in noncardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled studies.
p27(Kip1) as a prognostic factor in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Skeletal effects of interventions in mild primary hyperparathyroidism: a meta-analysis.
Quantifying the magnitude of risk for balance impairment on falls in community-dwelling older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of SSRIs and SNRIs in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of head-to-head randomized clinical trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the therapeutic equivalence of statins.
Addition of cilostazol to aspirin and a thienopyridine for prevention of restenosis after coronary artery stenting: a meta-analysis.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for negative symptoms of schizophrenia: review and meta-analysis.
The effect of mindfulness-based therapy on anxiety and depression: A meta-analytic review.
Prevalence of traumatic brain injury in an offender population: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of articaine versus lignocaine in dental treatments: a meta-analysis.
[Efficacy of moxifloxacin in treating bacterial conjunctivitis: a meta-analysis].
Review and meta-analysis: Benefits and risks of multiple courses of antenatal corticosteroids.
The genetics of sporadic ruptured and unruptured intracranial aneurysms: a genetic meta-analysis of 8 genes and 13 polymorphisms in approximately 20,000 individuals.
Meta-analysis of 24-h intraocular pressure fluctuation studies and the efficacy of glaucoma medicines.
Antipsychotics for acute and chronic pain in adults.
Partially hydrolyzed 100% whey protein infant formula and reduced risk of atopic  dermatitis: a meta-analysis.
Nerve injuries associated with pediatric supracondylar humeral fractures: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of normal and disordered personality across the life span.
Single vs. multiple sets of resistance exercise for muscle hypertrophy: a meta-analysis.
Survival benefit of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: an updated meta-analysis of 13 randomized control trials.
Meta-analysis of open versus endovascular repair for ruptured descending thoracic aortic aneurysm.
Meta-analysis: interferon-alpha prevents the recurrence after curative treatment  of hepatitis C virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Treatment of chronic hepatitis C in polytransfused thalassaemic patients: a meta-analysis.
Host genetics and outcome in meningococcal disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome in patients starting antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Absolute and relative accuracy of rapid urine tests for urinary tract infection in children: a meta-analysis.
Levosimendan reduces mortality in critically ill patients. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Statins in the management of patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
BDNF Val66Met is associated with introversion and interacts with 5-HTTLPR to influence neuroticism.
Which variables help explain the poor health-related quality of life after subarachnoid hemorrhage? A meta-analysis.
Genome-wide identification of hypoxia-inducible factor binding sites and target genes by a probabilistic model integrating transcription-profiling data and in silico binding site prediction.
A meta-analysis of self-care behavior research on elders in Thailand: an update.
Effectiveness of web-based interventions in achieving weight loss and weight loss maintenance in overweight and obese adults: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
OARSI recommendations for the management of hip and knee osteoarthritis: part III: Changes in evidence following systematic cumulative update of research published through January 2009.
Systematic review on "vitamin E and prevention of colorectal cancer".
Meta-analysis of physiological effects of skin-to-skin contact for newborns and mothers.
Statins in prevention of repeat revascularization after percutaneous coronary intervention--a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of adalimumab, etanercept, and infliximab for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
Further evidence supporting a role for gs signal transduction in severe malaria pathogenesis.
Meta-analysis of combined therapy with angiotensin receptor antagonists versus ACE inhibitors alone in patients with heart failure.
Statins for primary prevention of cardiovascular mortality in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between major depressive disorder and a functional polymorphism of the 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin) transporter gene: a meta-analysis.
Lack of social support in the etiology and the prognosis of coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The therapeutic efficacy of erdosteine in the treatment of chronic obstructive bronchitis: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Comparison of the effectiveness of radiotherapy with photons, protons and carbon-ions for non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of ventilator circuit changes on ventilator-associated pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between polymorphism of glutathione S-transferase P1 and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of acupuncture in fibromyalgia syndrome--a systematic review with a meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
Pregabalin in fibromyalgia: meta-analysis of efficacy and safety from company clinical trial reports.
Association between transforming growth factor-beta1 T869C polymorphism and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between Epstein-Barr virus infection and clinicopathological features of patients with gastric carcinoma.
[Meta analysis on effect of local application of chlorhexidine with scaling and root planing].
Acupuncture in poststroke rehabilitation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Differing risk factor profiles of ischemic stroke subtypes: evidence for a distinct lacunar arteriopathy?
Beta-blockers and risk of all-cause mortality in non-cardiac surgery.
Comparison of efficacy of antiplatelet treatments for patients with claudication. A meta-analysis.
Clopidogrel non-responsiveness and risk of cardiovascular morbidity. An updated meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of potential risks of low levels of protein Z for diseases related to vascular thrombosis.
Impact of VKORC1 gene polymorphism on interindividual and interethnic warfarin dosage requirement--a systematic review and meta analysis.
Safety of excluding acute pulmonary embolism based on an unlikely clinical probability by the Wells rule and normal D-dimer concentration: a meta-analysis.
MTHFR and the risk for cerebral venous thrombosis--a meta-analysis.
The -374A allele of the RAGE gene as a potential protective factor for vascular complications in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Pattern of physical injury associated with intimate partner violence in women presenting to the emergency department: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of cerclage according to severity of cervical length shortening: a  meta-analysis.
[Value of the clinical examination in suspected meniscal injuries. A meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of survival of patients with stage IV colorectal cancer managed with surgical resection versus chemotherapy alone.
[Bleeding and pneumonia in intensive care unit patients given proton pump inhibitor or histamine-2 receptor antagonist for prevention of stress ulcer: a Meta analysis].
[Meta-analysis of ultrasonography in diagnosis of deeply infiltrating endometriosis].
[Meta-analysis for control study of man-made mineral fiber and patients with respiratory system tumor].
[Effects of low-dose aspirin on primary prevention of cardiovascular events: a systematic review].
Value of symptoms and additional diagnostic tests for colorectal cancer in primary care: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Novel associations of multiple genetic loci with plasma levels of factor VII, factor VIII, and von Willebrand factor: The CHARGE (Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genome Epidemiology) Consortium.
Alcohol consumption and mortality in patients with cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Prediction of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality with arterial stiffness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pre-diabetes and the risk for cardiovascular disease: a systematic review of the  evidence.
Seizure outcomes following the use of generic versus brand-name antiepileptic drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Inhaled nitric oxide in preterm infants: a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis.
Local anaesthesia for pain control during outpatient hysteroscopy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anti-inflammatory drugs and risk of Parkinson disease: a meta-analysis.
Effects on coronary heart disease of increasing polyunsaturated fat in place of saturated fat: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
B-type natriuretic peptide-guided heart failure therapy: A meta-analysis.
Effects of Ginkgo biloba in dementia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions for replacing missing teeth: augmentation procedures of the maxillary sinus.
Reduction versus abrupt cessation in smokers who want to quit.
Clinical pathways: effects on professional practice, patient outcomes, length of  stay and hospital costs.
Bile acids for liver-transplanted patients.
Different anthracycline derivates for reducing cardiotoxicity in cancer patients.
Chemotherapy for advanced gastric cancer.
Lay health workers in primary and community health care for maternal and child health and the management of infectious diseases.
Group-based parent-training programmes for improving emotional and behavioural adjustment in children from birth to three years old.
Corticosteroids for Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis).
Interventions to change the behaviour of health professionals and the organisation of care to promote weight reduction in overweight and obese people.
Vitamin B6 and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Meta-analysis: excess mortality after hip fracture among older women and men.
Meta-analysis: effects of percutaneous coronary intervention versus medical therapy on angina relief.
Sutures versus staples for skin closure in orthopaedic surgery: meta-analysis.
The association between the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma2 (PPARG2) Pro12Ala gene variant and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Irregular heavy drinking occasions and risk of ischemic heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of Alzheimer's disease risk with obesity, diabetes, and related disorders.
Alcohol drinking and pancreatic cancer risk: a meta-analysis of the dose-risk relation.
T300A polymorphism of ATG16L1 and susceptibility to inflammatory bowel diseases:  a meta-analysis.
Effects of antihypertensive-drug class on interindividual variation in blood pressure and risk of stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Analysis of LINGO1 (rs9652490) polymorphism in sporadic Parkinson's disease in a  Polish population, and a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide data from five European isolates reveals an association of COL22A1, SYT1, and GABRR2 with serum creatinine level.
Statins for the primary prevention of cardiovascular events in women with elevated high-sensitivity C-reactive protein or dyslipidemia: results from the Justification for the Use of Statins in Prevention: An Intervention Trial Evaluating Rosuvastatin (JUPITER) and meta-analysis of women from primary prevention trials.
The effect of helmets on the risk of head and neck injuries among skiers and snowboarders: a meta-analysis.
Endovascular aortic repair versus open surgical repair for descending thoracic aortic disease a systematic review and meta-analysis of comparative studies.
The diagnostic value of ultrasonography-derived edema of the temporal artery wall in giant cell arteritis: a second meta-analysis.
Systematic review of D2 lymphadenectomy versus D2 with para-aortic nodal dissection for advanced gastric cancer.
The association of the dopamine transporter gene and the dopamine receptor 2 gene with delirium, a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of brain-derived neurotrophic factor p.Val66Met in adult ADHD in four European populations.
The tryptophan hydroxylase 1 (TPH1) gene, schizophrenia susceptibility, and suicidal behavior: a multi-centre case-control study and meta-analysis.
Higher vs lower positive end-expiratory pressure in patients with acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review: Vitamin D and cardiometabolic outcomes.
Association between C282Y and H63D mutations of the HFE gene with hepatocellular  carcinoma in European populations: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of oral theophylline in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease].
No evidence for switching the antidepressant: systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs of a common therapeutic strategy.
Genetic and environmental influences on cannabis use initiation and problematic use: a meta-analysis of twin studies.
Preventive interventions among children exposed to trauma of armed conflict: a literature review.
Updated systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on depressed mood.
Meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies evaluating the association of saturated fat with cardiovascular disease.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of ethnic differences in use of dementia treatment, care, and research.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of exercise tolerance and physical functioning in dialysis patients treated with erythropoiesis-stimulating agents.
Arthroscopic versus open acromioplasty: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of tooth transposition. A meta-analysis.
Formoterol for acute asthma in the emergency department: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of ibuprofen and acetaminophen in children and adults: a meta-analysis and qualitative review.
Increased clinical failures when treating acute otitis media with macrolides: a meta-analysis.
Susceptibility variants for rheumatoid arthritis in the TRAF1-C5 and 6q23 loci: a meta-analysis.
EuroSCORE performance in valve surgery: a meta-analysis.
Sorafenib improves the survival of patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Overweight, obesity, and depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Autologous stem cell therapy for peripheral arterial disease meta-analysis and systematic review of the literature.
A meta-analysis of cytokines in major depression.
First trimester paroxetine use and the prevalence of congenital, specifically cardiac, defects: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Systematic review of the effectiveness of antenatal intervention for the treatment of congenital lower urinary tract obstruction.
Do tasks make a difference? Accounting for heterogeneity of performance of children with reading difficulties on tasks of executive function: findings from  a meta-analysis.
Prospective studies of dietary alpha-linolenic acid intake and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Sequence variants in the TLR4 and TLR6-1-10 genes and prostate cancer risk. Results based on pooled analysis from three independent studies.
Association between cytokine gene polymorphisms and gastric precancerous lesions: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nicotine dependence may link the 15q25 locus to lung cancer risk.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of currently available clinical evidence on migraine and patent foramen ovale percutaneous closure: much ado about nothing?
The significance of insecure attachment and disorganization in the development of children's externalizing behavior: a meta-analytic study.
A meta-analysis of the bradykinin B2 receptor gene --58C/T polymorphism with hypertension.
The role of genetic variation in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors in the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS): an original case-control study followed by  systematic review and meta-analysis of existing evidence.
A sustained viral response is associated with reduced liver-related morbidity and mortality in patients with hepatitis C virus.
Risk of esophageal adenocarcinoma and mortality in patients with Barrett's esophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnosing suspected scaphoid fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Birth cohort increases in psychopathology among young Americans, 1938-2007: A cross-temporal meta-analysis of the MMPI.
Effects of paternal depression on fathers' parenting behaviors: a meta-analytic review.
Turning the process-dissociation procedure inside-out: a new technique for understanding the relation between conscious and unconscious influences.
Impact of the administration of probiotics on the incidence of ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Fulvestrant in the treatment of advanced breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
New-onset hyperglycemia and acute coronary syndrome: a systematic overview and meta-analysis.
Comparison of sequential rosuvastatin doses in hypercholesterolaemia: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Mixed treatment comparison and meta-regression of the efficacy and safety of prostaglandin analogues and comparators for primary open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
Risk of pneumonia associated with long-term use of inhaled corticosteroids in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a critical review and update.
Relationship of baseline HbA1c and efficacy of current glucose-lowering therapies: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
IL-1beta-511 and IL-1RN*2 polymorphisms in inflammatory bowel disease: An Italian population study and meta-analysis of European studies.
Lung cancer risk in painters: a meta-analysis.
Formaldehyde exposure and asthma in children: a systematic review.
Alterations of the cortisol quiescent period after experimental night work with enforced adaptation by bright light and its relation to morningness.
Association between CYP2E1 genetic polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents in anaemic patients with chronic heart failure.
Methionine synthase A2756G polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Functional outcome of computer-assisted spinal pedicle screw placement: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 23 studies including 5,992 pedicle screws.
The efficacy of the tourniquet in foot and ankle surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessing the benefits of FEIBA prophylaxis in haemophilia patients with inhibitors.
Early C-reactive protein in the prediction of long-term outcomes after acute coronary syndromes: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Acupuncture and herbal medicine in in vitro fertilisation: a review of the evidence for clinical practice.
XRCC1 polymorphisms and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Chronomodulated chemotherapy versus conventional chemotherapy for advanced colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of five randomized controlled trials.
Review and meta-analysis of usage of ginkgo as an adjunct therapy in chronic schizophrenia.
The association between obesity and anxiety disorders in the population: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immediate placement or immediate restoration/loading of single implants for molar tooth replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of marginal bone loss around implants retaining or supporting overdentures.
Empirical evidence of the relationship between parental and child dental fear: a  structured review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the Gamma nail and dynamic hip screw in treating peritrochanteric fractures.
The effect of renin-angiotensin system inhibitors on mortality and heart failure  hospitalization in patients with heart failure and preserved ejection fraction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of osteoporosis treatment on mortality: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis provides evidence-based effect sizes for a cancer-specific quality-of-life questionnaire, the FACT-G.
A statistical method was used for the meta-analysis of tests for latent TB in the absence of a gold standard, combining random-effect and latent-class methods to estimate test accuracy.
A meta-analysis of transient elastography for the detection of hepatic fibrosis.
When is equal not equal?
Comparison of two doses of imatinib for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic gastrointestinal stromal tumors: a meta-analysis of 1,640 patients.
Fcgamma receptor polymorphisms and their association with periodontal disease: a  meta-analysis.
Modeling the effectiveness of paliperidone ER and olanzapine in schizophrenia: meta-analysis of 3 randomized, controlled clinical trials.
Does inclusion of a placebo arm influence response to active antidepressant treatment in randomized controlled trials? Results from pooled and meta-analyses.
Red cell distribution width and mortality in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Are older adults less or more physiologically reactive? A meta-analysis of age-related differences in cardiovascular reactivity to laboratory tasks.
Clinical outcomes of radiofrequency ablation, percutaneous alcohol and acetic acid injection for hepatocelullar carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Association of angiotensinogen gene M235T and angiotensin-converting enzyme gene  I/D polymorphisms with essential hypertension in Han Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Isometric handgrip exercise and resting blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Neuropsychological performance following a history of multiple self-reported concussions: a meta-analysis.
A 60-year meta-analysis of tick paralysis in the United States: a predictable, preventable, and often misdiagnosed poisoning.
Does adjuvant bisphosphonate in early breast cancer modify the natural course of  the disease? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic value of (18)F-FDG PET for evaluation of paraaortic nodal metastasis in patients with cervical carcinoma: a metaanalysis.
Comparison of the postoperative analgesic efficacy of intravenous patient-controlled analgesia with tramadol to intravenous patient-controlled analgesia with opioids.
[Radiation exposure and cancer mortality among nuclear power plant workers: a meta-analysis].
Effectiveness of exercise on work disability in patients with non-acute non-specific low back pain: Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Effects of vibration training on muscle power: a meta-analysis.
Use of color Doppler ultrasonography for the prediction of malignancy in follicular thyroid neoplasms: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does chewing gum shorten the duration of postoperative ileus in patients undergoing abdominal surgery and creation of a stoma?
Is a tourniquet beneficial in total knee replacement surgery? A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Clinical and radiological outcomes of fixed- versus mobile-bearing total knee replacement: a meta-analysis.
Early versus delayed surgery for anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adjunctive dexamethasone in bacterial meningitis: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Levels of vitamin D and cardiometabolic disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Menopausal hormone therapy and risk of lung cancer-Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the BDNF Val66Met polymorphism in major depressive disorder: effects of gender and ethnicity.
Population-based linkage analysis of schizophrenia and bipolar case-control cohorts identifies a potential susceptibility locus on 19q13.
Minor physical anomalies in autism: a meta-analysis.
[Secular trends of caries prevalence among 6 and 12 year-old youths in the Netherlands].
Sodium bicarbonate for prevention of contrast-induced acute kidney injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Differential effects of ecstasy on short-term and working memory: a meta-analysis.
Response times for visually guided saccades in persons with Parkinson's disease:  a meta-analytic review.
A meta-analysis of performance on emotion recognition tasks in Parkinson's disease.
Is subcortical-cortical midline activity in depression mediated by glutamate and  GABA? A cross-species translational approach.
No association between AKT1 polymorphism and schizophrenia: a case-control study  in a Korean population and a meta-analysis.
Association of the MC4R V103I polymorphism with obesity: a Chinese case-control study and meta-analysis in 55,195 individuals.
Symptomatic efficacy and safety of diacerein in the treatment of osteoarthritis:  a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Randomized controlled trials of psychological therapies for management of chronic pain in children and adolescents: an updated meta-analytic review.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials: evaluation of benefit of gemcitabine-based molecular targeted therapy for inoperable pancreatic cancer.
Preoperative biliary drainage for distal obstruction: the case against revisited.
Integrative meta-analysis of differential gene expression in acute myeloid leukemia.
Does pre-existing diabetes affect prostate cancer prognosis? A systematic review.
Shotgun proteomics data from multiple organisms reveals remarkable quantitative conservation of the eukaryotic core proteome.
Explicit and implicit measures of expectancy and related alcohol cognitions: a meta-analytic comparison.
The use of the defence style questionnaire in major depressive and panic disorders: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
The efficacy of evidence-based psychotherapies versus usual care for youths: controlling confounds in a meta-reanalysis.
Prediction of tumor response to neoadjuvant therapy in patients with esophageal cancer with use of 18F FDG PET: a systematic review.
Variability of renal apparent diffusion coefficients: limitations of the monoexponential model for diffusion quantification.
Frequency, prevention, outcome and treatment of ventilator-associated tracheobronchitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the rs7574865 polymorphism of STAT4 and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Salt fluoridation: a meta-analysis of its efficacy for caries prevention.
Adenosine deaminase and tuberculous meningitis--a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Role of the Fcgamma receptor IIIA-V/F158 polymorphism in susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus and lupus nephritis: a meta-analysis.
Schizophrenia and 1957 pandemic of influenza: meta-analysis.
Sex differences in Wisconsin Schizotypy Scales--a meta-analysis.
Anatomy of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Job insecurity and health: a study of 16 European countries.
A meta-analysis of chemotherapy regimen fluorouracil/leucovorin/oxaliplatin compared with fluorouracil/leucovorin in treating advanced colorectal cancer.
Systematic review of interferon-gamma release assays in tuberculosis: focus on likelihood ratios.
COPD and chronic bronchitis risk of indoor air pollution from solid fuel: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bone mineral density in haemophilia patients. A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical studies of the purported deleterious effects of "old" (versus "fresh") red blood cells: are we at equipoise?
Health state valuations of patients and the general public analytically compared: a meta-analytical comparison of patient and population health state utilities.
[SCL-90 test result on the left-behind children in rural area: a meta-analysis].
[Systematic review of the effects of inulin-type fructans on blood lipid profiles: a meta-analysis].
Are typical starting doses of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors sub-optimal? A meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-finding studies in major depressive disorder.
[A meta analysis of gemcitabine plus platinum chemotherapy compared with single-agent chemotherapy in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer].
[Efficacy and safety in treatment of ocular neovascularization by Bevacizumab versus Ranibizumab: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of clinical randomized controlled trials on aspherical intraocular lens].
[A Meta analysis: mother to infant transmission of hepatitis B virus via different combined immunoprophylaxis delivery modes].
[Meta-analysis of the relationship between soybean product consumption and gastric cancer].
[Meta-analysis of association of tumor necrosis factor alpha-308 gene promoter polymorphism with gastric cancer].
[Accuracy evaluation of mammography in the breast cancer screening in Asian women: a community-based follow-up study and meta analysis].
Statins and risk of incident diabetes: a collaborative meta-analysis of randomised statin trials.
Safety and efficacy of thrombectomy in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention for acute ST elevation MI: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Detection of lymph node metastases by gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Updated meta-analysis of septal alcohol ablation versus myectomy for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Pneumothorax following thoracentesis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does Helicobacter pylori infection play a role in iron deficiency anemia? A meta-analysis.
Thyroid cancer and renal transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Coronary bifurcation lesions: to stent one branch or both? A meta-analysis of patients treated with drug eluting stents.
Chest physiotherapy for pneumonia in adults.
Interventions for preventing posterior capsule opacification.
Using the internet to promote health behavior change: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the impact of theoretical basis, use of behavior change techniques, and mode of delivery on efficacy.
Association between 9p21 genomic markers and heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: effect of interactive communication between collaborating primary  care physicians and specialists.
Accuracy of clinical signs, SEP, and EEG in predicting outcome of hypoxic coma: a meta-analysis.
[Biomarkers in the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis of their predictive capacity for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease].
Meta-analysis: pre-operative infliximab treatment and short-term post-operative complications in patients with ulcerative colitis.
Prophylactic antibiotics for burns patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term antibiotic treatment for Crohn's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
The PCLO gene and depressive disorders: replication in a population-based study.
Treatment of hepatitis B virus-associated glomerulonephritis: a meta-analysis.
Short term and intermediate term comparison of endarterectomy versus stenting for carotid artery stenosis: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled clinical trials.
Association between regulated upon activation, normal T cells expressed and secreted (RANTES) -28C/G polymorphism and asthma risk--a meta-analysis.
Neurological outcomes at 18 months of age after moderate hypothermia for perinatal hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy: synthesis and meta-analysis of trial  data.
Intravaginal practices, vaginal infections and HIV acquisition: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Causal relationship of susceptibility genes to ischemic stroke: comparison to ischemic heart disease and biochemical determinants.
Standard care impact on effects of highly active antiretroviral therapy adherence interventions: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review of efficacy and tolerability of mebeverine in irritable bowel syndrome.
Ethnicity-based subgroup meta-analysis of the association of LOXL1 polymorphisms  with glaucoma.
Levosimendan for the treatment of acute severe heart failure: a meta-analysis of  randomised controlled trials.
Risk of deep vein thrombosis following a single negative whole-leg compression ultrasound: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: noninvasive coronary angiography using computed tomography versus  magnetic resonance imaging.
Quantifying the effect of intraocular pressure reduction on the occurrence of glaucoma.
The current status of urban-rural differences in psychiatric disorders.
HIV risk behavior self-report reliability at different recall periods.
Effectiveness and safety of drug-eluting stents in vein grafts: a meta-analysis.
Effect of oral isoflavone supplementation on vascular endothelial function in postmenopausal women: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Should we use telegraphic or grammatical input in the early stages of language development with children who have language impairments? A meta-analysis of the research and expert opinion.
Statistical modeling of average and variability of time to extubation for meta-analysis comparing desflurane to sevoflurane.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 polymorphism and sporadic colorectal cancer risk: An updating meta-analysis and HuGE review of 36 case-control studies.
Responder analysis for pain relief and numbers needed to treat in a meta-analysis of etoricoxib osteoarthritis trials: bridging a gap between clinical trials and clinical practice.
Long-term efficacy of interferon alpha therapy on hepatitis B viral replication in patients with chronic hepatitis B: a meta-analysis.
TNF polymorphisms in patients with Behçet disease: a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T and A1298C polymorphisms and gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Agreement of self-reported and genital measures of sexual arousal in men and women: a meta-analysis.
Hyperuricemia and coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Confirmation of an association between rs6822844 at the Il2-Il21 region and multiple autoimmune diseases: evidence of a general susceptibility locus.
Lack of association between lymphotoxin-alpha, galectin-2 polymorphisms and coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
The physical environment as a fall risk factor in older adults: Systematic review and meta-analysis of cross-sectional and cohort studies.
Meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy studies with multiple thresholds using  survival methods.
Genetic variants of homocysteine/folate metabolism pathway and risk of inflammatory bowel disease: a synopsis and meta-analysis of genetic association studies.
Suicide attempts in bipolar I and bipolar II disorder: a review and meta-analysis of the evidence.
Maternal and perinatal outcome in women with threatened miscarriage in the first  trimester: a systematic review.
Pharmacological prevention of sevoflurane- and desflurane-related emergence agitation in children: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Effects of befriending on depressive symptoms and distress: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on the safety and effectiveness of  early versus delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy for acute cholecystitis.
Fifteen-year trends in metastatic breast cancer survival in Greece.
Association of two CASP8 polymorphisms with breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Differential effects of MDM2 SNP309 polymorphism on breast cancer risk along with race: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of smoking cessation therapies in cardiac patients: a meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and tolerability of antidepressants for treatment of depression in coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Benzene and the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Genetic polymorphism of glutathione S-transferase T1 and the risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of p53 as a prognostic factor of survival in squamous cell carcinoma of the four main anatomical subsites of the head and neck.
Estimating the attributable fraction for cancer: A meta-analysis of nevi and melanoma.
Fresh and pickled vegetable consumption and gastric cancer in Japanese and Korean populations: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Overall survival benefit for weekly vs. three-weekly taxanes regimens in advanced breast cancer: A meta-analysis.
Genetic effects on carotid intima-media thickness: systematic assessment and meta-analyses of candidate gene polymorphisms studied in more than 5000 subjects.
Adjunctive thrombectomy for acute myocardial infarction: A bayesian meta-analysis.
Hormonal therapy and sex reassignment: a systematic review and meta-analysis of quality of life and psychosocial outcomes.
The minimal clinically important difference in allergic rhinitis.
Antiviral therapy reduces risk of hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with hepatitis C virus-related cirrhosis.
Management of stage I non-seminomatous testicular cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of the effects of treatment of peri-implant infection in animal and human studies: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychotherapy for chronic major depression and dysthymia: a meta-analysis.
Psychological treatment of panic disorder with or without agoraphobia: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of short-term psychodynamic psychotherapy for depression: a meta-analysis.
Randomized trials of dopamine agonists in restless legs syndrome: a systematic review, quality assessment, and meta-analysis.
Haemorrhoidectomy with Ligasure vs conventional excisional techniques: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is escitalopram really relevantly superior to citalopram in treatment of major depressive disorder? A meta-analysis of head-to-head randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of the evidence for a partially hydrolyzed 100% whey formula for the prevention of allergic diseases.
Efficacy and safety of linezolid in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) complicated skin and soft tissue infection (cSSTI): a meta-analysis.
Effect of periodontal treatment on glycemic control of diabetic patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Quantity and quality of sleep and incidence of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Searching for the right outcome? A systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials using carotid intima-media thickness or pulse wave velocity to  infer antiatherogenic properties of thiazolidinediones.
Aspirin for primary prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with diabetes: A meta-analysis.
Appropriateness of the indication for upper endoscopy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the role of granulomas in the recurrence of Crohn disease.
Tolerability and safety of ropinirole versus other dopamine agonists and levodopa in the treatment of Parkinson's disease: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Resin-modified glass-ionomer cements versus resin-based materials as fissure sealants: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
The prognostic value of troponin release after adult cardiac surgery - a meta-analysis.
Does gram-negative bacteraemia occur without endotoxaemia? A meta-analysis using  hierarchical summary ROC curves.
Cytotoxic T lymphocyte antigen-4 Ala17 polymorphism is a genetic marker of autoimmune adrenal insufficiency: Italian association study and meta-analysis of  European studies.
The relative importance of modifiable potential risk factors of type 2 diabetes:  a meta-analysis of two cohorts.
Meta-analysis of the performance of (18)F-FDG PET in cutaneous melanoma.
Preterm birth and low birth weight among in vitro fertilization twins: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
Performance of computed tomographic urography in diagnosis of upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma, in patients presenting with hematuria: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of 64 multislice CT angiography in the assessment of coronary in-stent restenosis: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes and the abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Effect of drug-eluting stents in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of randomised trials and an adjusted indirect comparison.
BCG vaccination and leprosy protection: review of current evidence and status of  BCG in leprosy control.
Effects of estradiol supplementation during the luteal phase of in vitro fertilization cycles: a meta-analysis.
Decitabine versus 5-azacitidine for the treatment of myelodysplastic syndrome: adjusted indirect meta-analysis.
5-azacitidine prolongs overall survival in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metastases to level IIb in squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Workplace wellness programs can generate savings.
Systematic review of randomized controlled trials of pharmacological interventions to reduce ischaemia-reperfusion injury in elective liver resection  with vascular occlusion.
The COPD genetic association compendium: a comprehensive online database of COPD  genetic associations.
The effect of intramural fibroids without uterine cavity involvement on the outcome of IVF treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Compliance, safety, and effectiveness of fixed-dose combinations of antihypertensive agents: a meta-analysis.
Overall and cause-specific mortality in Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis of population-based studies.
Efficacy of mechanical bowel preparation with polyethylene glycol in prevention of postoperative complications in elective colorectal surgery: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on XRCC1 and XRCC3 polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk.
Differential effects of NOD2 polymorphisms on colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Intraperitoneal dissemination of endometrial cancer cells after hysteroscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of modern antipsychotics in placebo-controlled trials in bipolar depression: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic challenges and safety considerations in cochlear implantation under the age of 12 months.
Cochlear implantation under the first year of age--the outcomes. A critical systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for ethambutol optic toxicity.
A meta-analysis of minimally invasive versus traditional open vein harvest technique for coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Genetic and environmental influences on ADHD symptom dimensions of inattention and hyperactivity: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of interventions relevant for young offenders with mood disorders, anxiety disorders, or self-harm.
A genome-wide association study on African-ancestry populations for asthma.
Pre-intervention distress moderates the efficacy of psychosocial treatment for cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
The prevalence of and specific risk factors for venous thromboembolic disease following elective spine surgery.
Reducing mortality in cardiac surgery with levosimendan: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
True coronary bifurcation lesions: meta-analysis and review of literature.
PCR using blood for diagnosis of invasive pneumococcal disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Frequency of persistent tooth pain after root canal therapy: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of dropout rates in SSRIs versus placebo in randomized clinical trials of PTSD.
Benzene exposure and non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Clearance of the asymptomatic cervical spine: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of oxymorphone in the management of chronic pain.
The relationship between displaying and perceiving nonverbal cues of affect: a meta-analysis to solve an old mystery.
The impact of treatment on HPA axis activity in unipolar major depression.
Effects of vibration training on muscle strength: a meta-analysis.
Hormone therapy and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Management of acute esophageal variceal hemorrhage.
Do paediatric drug formulations of artemisinin combination therapies improve the  treatment of children with malaria? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Yield of HIV-associated tuberculosis during intensified case finding in resource-limited settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence, case fatality, and functional outcome of intracerebral haemorrhage over time, according to age, sex, and ethnic origin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of the insulin receptor and the insulin receptor substrates genes in polycystic ovary syndrome: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies a risk locus for major mood disorders on 3p21.1.
Multicenter analysis of the SLC6A3/DAT1 VNTR haplotype in persistent ADHD suggests differential involvement of the gene in childhood and persistent ADHD.
Gray matter alterations in obsessive-compulsive disorder: an anatomic likelihood  estimation meta-analysis.
Efficacy of weight loss drugs on obesity and cardiovascular risk factors in obese adolescents: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Maté drinking and oral and oro-pharyngeal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interleukin-1 region meta-analysis with osteoarthritis phenotypes.
Mapping clinical outcomes expectations to treatment decisions: an application to  vestibular schwannoma management.
Corticosteroids in the treatment of vestibular neuritis: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Postmaneuver restrictions in benign paroxysmal positional vertigo: an individual  patient data meta-analysis.
Efficacy of postoperative epidural analgesia in adolescent scoliosis surgery: a meta-analysis.
Maternal smoking during pregnancy and offspring obesity: meta-analysis.
Cerebral magnetic resonance biomarkers in neonatal encephalopathy: a meta-analysis.
Religiousness as a cultural adaptation of basic traits: a five-factor model perspective.
Religiosity as self-enhancement: a meta-analysis of the relation between socially desirable responding and religiosity.
Pravastatin use and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of individual patient data from  long-term prospective controlled trials in Japan.
Are patients with intermediate TPMT activity at increased risk of myelosuppression when taking thiopurine medications?
Role of Lactobacillus in the prevention of antibiotic-associated diarrhea: a meta-analysis.
Low level laser treatment of tendinopathy: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
SRD5A2 V89L polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between the monoamine oxidase-A gene and mood disorders.
Weight gain in antipsychotic-naive patients: a review and meta-analysis.
The effects of psychotherapy for adult depression are overestimated: a meta-analysis of study quality and effect size.
Slow freezing, vitrification and ultra-rapid freezing of human embryos: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Combination of heparin and aspirin is superior to aspirin alone in enhancing live births in patients with recurrent pregnancy loss and positive anti-phospholipid antibodies: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and meta-regression.
Efficacy of joint lavage in knee osteoarthritis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Meta-analysis of evaluating diagnostic accuracy of adenoclone (ELISA) for adenoviral infection among Japanese people.
The chitinase 3-like 1 gene and schizophrenia: evidence from a multi-center case-control study and meta-analysis.
Partial-breast irradiation or whole-breast radiotherapy for early breast cancer:  a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Safety and efficacy of ultrasound-enhanced thrombolysis: a comprehensive review and meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized studies.
Genome-wide association studies of MRI-defined brain infarcts: meta-analysis from the CHARGE Consortium.
Follicle-stimulating hormone receptor gene haplotypes and male infertility in estonian population and meta-analysis.
Individualizing hypertension treatment with impedance cardiography: a meta-analysis of published trials.
Do light truck vehicles (LTV) impose greater risk of pedestrian injury than passenger cars? A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Effect of bisphosphonates on bone mineral density in liver transplant patients: a meta-analysis and systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
OM-85 BV, an immunostimulant in pediatric recurrent respiratory tract infections: a systematic review.
Antibiotic therapy versus appendectomy for acute appendicitis: a meta-analysis.
Residual skin tags following procedure for prolapse and hemorrhoids: differentiation from recurrence.
The fate of conference abstracts: systematic review and meta-analysis of surgical treatments for men with benign prostatic enlargement.
[A meta analysis on the relationship between myeloperoxidase G-463A genetic polymorphisms and lung cancer susceptibility].
[Detection of bladder cancer by FISH test: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of safety and efficacy on paraaortic lymphadenectomy in gastric cancer].
[Laparoscopic versus conventional open resection for early distal gastric cancer: a meta-analysis on the number of retrieved lymph nodes].
Pharmacotherapy in pulmonary arterial hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Modeling complex genetic and environmental influences on comorbid bipolar disorder with tobacco use disorder.
The effects of oral iron supplementation on cognition in older children and adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of smoking cessation after diagnosis of early stage lung cancer on prognosis: systematic review of observational studies with meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of tamsulosin for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia: a meta analysis.
Reducing uncertainties about the effects of chemoradiotherapy for cervical cancer: individual patient data meta-analysis.
Fluoride toothpastes of different concentrations for preventing dental caries in  children and adolescents.
Antenatal cardiotocography for fetal assessment.
Topical fluoride as a cause of dental fluorosis in children.
Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents for anaemia in chronic heart failure patients.
Lymphadenectomy for the management of endometrial cancer.
Progestin-only pills for contraception.
Visual feedback of individuals' medical imaging results for changing health behaviour.
Benzodiazepines for the relief of breathlessness in advanced malignant and non-malignant diseases in adults.
Duration of adjuvant chemotherapy for patients with non-metastatic colorectal cancer.
Disulfiram for the treatment of cocaine dependence.
Motivational interviewing for smoking cessation.
Progestational agents for treating threatened or established preterm labour.
Long-term opioid management for chronic noncancer pain.
Prostanoids for critical limb ischaemia.
Physical interventions to interrupt or reduce the spread of respiratory viruses.
Sertraline versus other antidepressive agents for depression.
Ethamsylate for the prevention of morbidity and mortality in preterm or very low  birth weight infants.
Acupuncture for depression.
Restricting oral fluid and food intake during labour.
Interventions for vitiligo.
Therapeutic ultrasound for osteoarthritis of the knee or hip.
Operative procedures for fissure in ano.
Laparoscopic surgery for subfertility associated with endometriosis.
Early (< 8 days) postnatal corticosteroids for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants.
Prophylactic protein free synthetic surfactant for preventing morbidity and mortality in preterm infants.
Growth hormone for in vitro fertilization.
Meta-analysis of breast cancer outcomes in adjuvant trials of aromatase inhibitors versus tamoxifen.
Decreasing sperm quality: a global problem?
Home based versus centre based cardiac rehabilitation: Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Large meta-analysis of multiple cancers reveals a common, compact and highly prognostic hypoxia metagene.
Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents in oncology: a study-level meta-analysis of survival and other safety outcomes.
Cholesterol-lowering interventions and stroke: insights from a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The relationship between anti-merozoite antibodies and incidence of Plasmodium falciparum malaria: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between obesity and low back pain: a meta-analysis.
Association of a progesterone receptor gene +331 G/A polymorphism with breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The image of time: a voxel-wise meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of instructed fear studies: implications for conscious appraisal  of threat.
Occupational exposure to noise and the cardiovascular system: a meta-analysis.
Steroid avoidance or withdrawal after renal transplantation increases the risk of acute rejection but decreases cardiovascular risk. A meta-analysis.
Rapid Response Teams: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
C-reactive protein concentration and risk of coronary heart disease, stroke, and  mortality: an individual participant meta-analysis.
Long-term protection provided by hepatitis B vaccine and need for booster dose: a meta-analysis.
Impact of gender in primary prevention of coronary heart disease with statin therapy: a meta-analysis.
Antidepressant drug effects and depression severity: a patient-level meta-analysis.
Sexually dimorphic effect of the Val66Met polymorphism of BDNF on susceptibility  to Alzheimer's disease: New data and meta-analysis.
Non-replication of association for six polymorphisms from meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of Parkinson's disease: large-scale collaborative study.
The DRD3 rs6280 polymorphism and prevalence of tardive dyskinesia: a meta-analysis.
Psychotherapy training for residents: reconciling requirements with evidence-based, competency-focused practice.
Autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for acute myeloid leukemia in  first complete remission: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Amoxicillin/metronidazole or scaling and root planing in the treatment of chronic periodontitis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of immunochemotherapy with rituximab for B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Meta-analysis of blood pressure tracking from childhood to adulthood and implications for the design of intervention trials.
Topiramate in the treatment of alcohol dependence: a meta-analysis.
Health status and risk for depression among the elderly: a meta-analysis of published literature.
Pornography and attitudes supporting violence against women: revisiting the relationship in nonexperimental studies.
Meta-analysis: deamidated gliadin peptide antibody and tissue transglutaminase antibody compared as screening tests for coeliac disease.
Efficacy of black cohosh-containing preparations on menopausal symptoms: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of comparative efficacy of increasing dose of Atorvastatin versus Rosuvastatin versus Simvastatin on lowering levels of atherogenic lipids (from VOYAGER).
Meta-analysis of five randomized clinical trials comparing sirolimus- versus paclitaxel-eluting stents in patients with diabetes mellitus.
ß-Blockers reduce mortality in patients undergoing high-risk non-cardiac surgery.
Steroid 5-{alpha}-reductase Type 2 (SRD5a2) gene polymorphisms and risk of prostate cancer: a HuGE review.
Empiric quadruple vs. triple therapy for primary treatment of Helicobacter pylori infection: Systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and tolerability.
Effect of cocoa products on blood pressure: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between smoking and low back pain: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms in nitric oxide synthase 3 gene and implications for kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
The cognitive profile of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A meta-analysis.
[Randomized placebo-controlled studies of iloprost in treatment of lower limb critical ischaemia].
[Ondansetron: a meta-analysis on its efficacy to prevent postoperative nausea and vomiting after craniotomy in adults and children].
The myths surrounding pre-exercise carbohydrate feeding.
Effects of antioxidant supplements on cancer prevention: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Daptomycin versus other antimicrobial agents for the treatment of skin and soft tissue infections: a meta-analysis.
The time has come to limit the placebo period in rheumatoid arthritis trials to 3 months: a systematic comparison of 3- and 6-month response rates in trials of biological agents.
Impact of smoking as a risk factor for developing rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Concomitant or adjuvant temozolomide with whole-brain irradiation for brain metastases: a meta-analysis.
Biomarkers of liver injury for hepatitis clinical trials: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Determining tissue of origin for metastatic cancers: meta-analysis and literature review of immunohistochemistry performance.
RANTES gene polymorphisms and asthma risk: A meta-analysis.
Post-traumatic stress disorder and suicide risk: a systematic review.
Advances in gout: some answers, more questions.
Efficacy of different types of aerobic exercise in fibromyalgia syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Bisphosphonates and risk of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Effect of soy isoflavone extract supplements on bone mineral density in menopausal women: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of the 8473T>C cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) gene polymorphism with lung cancer risk in Asians.
Helicobacter bilis in human gallbladder cancer: results of a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Haplotypes and 5A/6A polymorphism of the matrix metalloproteinase-3 gene in coronary disease: case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Sleep disorders in African Americans and Caucasian Americans: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of 15 genome-wide linkage scans of smoking behavior.
Vaginal birth after two caesarean sections (VBAC-2)-a systematic review with meta-analysis of success rate and adverse outcomes of VBAC-2 versus VBAC-1 and repeat (third) caesarean sections.
Tranexamic acid in hip fracture surgery: a randomized controlled trial.
Pharmacotherapy for borderline personality disorder: Cochrane systematic review of randomised trials.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing laparoscopic with open mesh repair of recurrent inguinal hernia.
Magnesium sulphate in the management of patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage: a meta-analysis of prospective controlled trials.
Green tea consumption and breast cancer risk or recurrence: a meta-analysis.
The TGFBR1*6A/9A polymorphism is not associated with differential risk of breast  cancer.
The prevalence of osteoporosis, osteopenia, and fractures among adults with cystic fibrosis: a systematic literature review with meta-analysis.
Preload or coload for spinal anesthesia for elective Cesarean delivery: a meta-analysis.
A CYP17A1 gene polymorphism in association with multiple uterine leimyomas; a meta-analysis.
Soy consumption and colorectal cancer risk in humans: a meta-analysis.
Familial melanoma: a meta-analysis and estimates of attributable fraction.
TGFbeta1 T29C polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 40 case-control studies.
Rationale for carbon ion therapy in high-grade glioma based on a review and a meta-analysis of neutron beam trials.
Do angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers prevent diabetes mellitus? A meta-analysis.
Short-term antihypertensive efficacy of perindopril according to clinical profile of 3,188 patients: A meta-analysis.
The endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene is associated with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Level of albuminuria and risk of stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of a genetic variant in the ALOX5AP with higher risk of ischemic stroke: a case-control, meta-analysis and functional study.
Meta-analysis of incidence and risk of hypomagnesemia with cetuximab for advanced cancer.
Predictors of survival from out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Somatic EGFR mutation and gene copy gain as predictive biomarkers for response to tyrosine kinase inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer.
Oral cyclo-oxygenase 2 inhibitors versus other oral analgesics for acute soft tissue injury: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors for high-altitude pulmonary hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of bevacizumab for unresectable non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of renin BglI polymphism with essential hypertension: a meta-analysis involving 1811 cases and 1626 controls.
A systemic review of the relationship between aldosterone synthase - 344 C/T polymorphism and hypertension in Han.
Maximizing the benefits of screening mammography for women 40-49 years old.
ST-segment resolution and prognosis after facilitated versus primary percutaneous coronary intervention in acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Effects of oral levamisole as an adjuvant to hepatitis B vaccine in adults with end-stage renal disease: a meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
Episodes of falling among elderly people: a systematic review and meta-analysis of social and demographic pre-disposing characteristics.
Safety reporting and adverse-event profile of mirtazapine described in randomized controlled trials in comparison with other classes of antidepressants in the acute-phase treatment of adults with depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Capecitabine plus oxaliplatin vs fluorouracil plus oxaliplatin as first line treatment for metastatic colorectal caner - meta-analysis of six randomized trials.
Geographic difference in survival outcome for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma:  implications on future clinical trial design.
Cerebrospinal fluid lactate concentration to distinguish bacterial from aseptic meningitis: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of histamine-2-receptor antagonists versus sucralfate on stress ulcer prophylaxis in mechanically ventilated patients: a meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials.
Hyperoncotic colloids and acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Association between tumor necrosis factor-alpha promoter -308 A/G polymorphism and susceptibility to sepsis and sepsis mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Epidemiological studies of formaldehyde exposure and risk of leukemia and nasopharyngeal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of pharmacotherapeutic agents for anxiety  disorders in children and adolescents: a mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of immunoregulators and antibiotics in fistulizing Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
Strategies to enhance N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor-mediated neurotransmission in schizophrenia, a critical review and meta-analysis.
Differing effect of statins on insulin sensitivity in non-diabetics: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nitroglycerin in the prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Prophylactic antibiotics reduce pancreatic necrosis in acute necrotizing pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The Toll-like receptor 4 D299G and T399I polymorphisms are associated with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
Robot-assisted laparoscope fundoplication for gastroesophageal reflux disease: a  systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Long-term developmental outcome of children of women with epilepsy, unexposed or  exposed prenatally to antiepileptic drugs: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
[Prevalence and clinical-morphological characteristics of anemia in patients with chronic liver diseases].
Angiotensin converting enzyme D allele is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Residential pesticides and childhood leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Occupational trichloroethylene exposure and kidney cancer: a meta-analysis.
Placebo-corrected efficacy of modern antiepileptic drugs for refractory epilepsy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Placebo responses in randomized trials of antiepileptic drugs.
Endurance time is joint-specific: a modelling and meta-analysis investigation.
Tirofiban as adjunctive therapy for acute coronary syndromes and percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The addition of tocilizumab to DMARD therapy for rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Paternal exposure to Agent Orange and spina bifida: a meta-analysis.
Can statin therapy reduce the risk of melanoma? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Unifying the predictive value of pretransplant FDG PET in patients with lymphoma: a review and meta-analysis of published trials.
The accuracy of clinical parameters in the prediction of perinatal pulmonary hypoplasia secondary to midtrimester prelabour rupture of fetal membranes: a meta-analysis.
Incidence of conjunctival exposure following drainage device implantation in patients with glaucoma.
Effects of food processing on pesticide residues in fruits and vegetables: a meta-analysis approach.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies: no efficiency gain in using individual participant data.
Clinical efficacy of highly purified hMG versus recombinant FSH in IVF/ICSI cycles: a meta-analysis.
Administration of intravenous albumin around the time of oocyte retrieval reduces pregnancy rate without preventing ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lifestyle interventions for youth who are overweight: a meta-analytic review.
A meta-analysis of highly active anti-retroviral therapy for treatment of plasmablastic lymphoma.
Congenital heart disease in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus. An international clinical collaboration, literature review, and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of low molecular weight heparin versus placebo in patients undergoing total hip replacement and post-operative morbidity and mortality since their introduction.
A meta-analysis of six placebo-controlled trials of thiazolidinedione therapy for HIV lipoatrophy.
Allelic heterogeneity in genetic association meta-analysis: an application to DTNBP1 and schizophrenia.
Inhibin and premature ovarian failure.
Aliskiren monotherapy does not cause paradoxical blood pressure rises: meta-analysis of data from 8 clinical trials.
Intermittent or daily short course chemotherapy for tuberculosis in children: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Linezolid versus vancomycin for the treatment of gram-positive bacterial infections: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Effect of homocysteine interventions on the risk of cardiocerebrovascular events: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
An updating meta-analysis of the glutathione S-transferase T1 polymorphisms and colorectal cancer risk: a HuGE review.
Genome-wide functional annotation by integrating multiple microarray datasets using meta-analysis.
Education and risk for late life depression: a meta-analysis of published literature.
Meta-analysis of the use of glyceryl trinitrate ointment after haemorrhoidectomy  as an analgesic and in promoting wound healing.
Pain after conventional versus Ligasure haemorrhoidectomy. A meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor genetic polymorphisms and tuberculosis: updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of neutrophil elastase inhibitor (sivelestat sodium) in the treatment of acute lung injury (ALI) and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of Tripterygium wilfordii Hook F in the immunosuppressive treatment of IgA nephropathy.
Is antimicrobial susceptibility testing necessary before first-line treatment for Helicobacter pylori infection? Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The impact of general and regional anesthesia on the incidence of post-operative  cognitive dysfunction and post-operative delirium: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
The CALHM1 P86L polymorphism is a genetic modifier of age at onset in Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis study.
Apolipoprotein E promoter polymorphisms and risk of Alzheimer's disease: evidence from meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of gender differences in attitudes toward seeking professional psychological help.
Meta-analysis of effectiveness and safety of D2 plus para-aortic lymphadenectomy  for resectable gastric cancer.
The effectiveness of inpatient geriatric evaluation and management units: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between alpha-adducin gene polymorphism (Gly460Trp) and genetic predisposition to salt sensitivity: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between stressors and creativity: a meta-analysis examining competing theoretical models.
Emotional intelligence: an integrative meta-analysis and cascading model.
The cognitive underpinnings of effective teamwork: a meta-analysis.
Bad apples, bad cases, and bad barrels: meta-analytic evidence about sources of unethical decisions at work.
Atomoxetine treatment for ADHD: younger adults compared with older adults.
Correlates of benefit from neoadjuvant chemotherapy before radiotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analytical approach with meta-regression analysis.
Lead and conduct problems: a meta-analysis.
Recurrence of hyperprolactinemia after withdrawal of dopamine agonists: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of implant-supported maxillary overdentures after a mean observation period of at least 1 year.
Do bone grafts or barrier membranes provide additional treatment effects for infrabony lesions treated with enamel matrix derivatives? A network meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
The efficacy of cognitive-behavioral therapy in bipolar disorder: a quantitative  meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of pharmacotherapy for severe personality disorders: meta-analyses  of randomized controlled trials.
Second-look endoscopy with thermal coagulation or injections for peptic ulcer bleeding: a meta-analysis.
Shortened treatment duration in treatment-naive genotype 1 HCV patients with rapid virological response: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-10 -819 promoter polymorphism associated with gastric cancer among Asians.
Immunogenicity of Haemophilus influenzae type b conjugate vaccines in Korean infants: a meta-analysis.
Performance of imaging modalities in diagnosis of liver metastases from colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of myocardial metabolic imaging with BMIPP in the spectrum of coronary artery disease: a systematic review.
The effect of intravenous opioid patient-controlled analgesia with and without background infusion on respiratory depression: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of panoramic radiography in determining relationship between  inferior alveolar nerve and mandibular third molar.
Infant formula supplementation with long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids has no effect on Bayley developmental scores at 18 months of age--IPD meta-analysis of 4 large clinical trials.
The effect of photodynamic therapy for periodontitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mechanically assisted walking with body weight support results in more independent walking than assisted overground walking in non-ambulatory patients early after stroke: a systematic review.
Conservative interventions provide short-term relief for non-specific neck pain:  a systematic review.
Does repetitive task training improve functional activity after stroke? A Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence of sensorimotor deficits in functional ankle instability: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Effects of warming-up on physical performance: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Anticonvulsant drugs in cocaine dependence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preoperative serum CA-125 levels and risk of suboptimal cytoreduction in ovarian  cancer: a meta-analysis.
Home telehealth for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Home telemonitoring for congestive heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Radial artery versus saphenous vein graft patency: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Mean platelet volume as a predictor of cardiovascular risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Computed tomography alone versus computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging in the identification of occult injuries to the cervical spine: a meta-analysis.
Significance of HSPB1 expression in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis of published literatures.
Total body irradiation plus cyclophosphamide versus busulphan with cyclophosphamide as conditioning regimen for patients with leukemia undergoing allogeneic stem cell transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Coffee consumption and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Health utility bias: a systematic review and meta-analytic evaluation.
Meta-analysis of the etiology of odontogenic maxillary sinusitis.
-765G>C and 8473T>C polymorphisms of COX-2 and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 33 case-control studies.
XPD Lys(751)Gln and Asp (312)Asn polymorphisms and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism is associated with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Associations between osteoprotegerin polymorphisms and bone mineral density: a meta-analysis.
Association between Fc receptor-like 3 C169T polymorphism and risk of systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Association of STAT4 polymorphism with rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
IGFBP3 polymorphisms and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Influence of hepatocyte nuclear factor 4alpha (HNF4alpha) gene variants on the risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis in 49,577 individuals.
Effects of O6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase (MGMT) polymorphisms on cancer: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in the promoter regions of matrix metalloproteinases 1 and 3 and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 50 case-control studies.
Dexamethasone treatment in the first week of life for preventing bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants: a systematic review.
Postnatal hydrocortisone for preventing or treating bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants: a systematic review.
Probiotics reduce the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparing sevelamer and calcium-based phosphate binders on cardiovascular calcification in hemodialysis patients.
Incidence of spinal muscular atrophy in Poland--more frequent than predicted?
Lithium's emerging role in the treatment of refractory major depressive episodes: augmentation of antidepressants.
Category-specific neural processing for naming pictures of animals and naming pictures of tools: an ALE meta-analysis.
Efficacy of antioxidant vitamins and selenium supplement in prostate cancer prevention: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Salt intake and risk of gastric intestinal metaplasia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between serum protein and mortality in adults on long-term hemodialysis: exhaustive review and meta-analysis.
A quantitative analysis of body mass index and colorectal cancer: findings from 56 observational studies.
Meta-analysis of chemotherapy with irinotecan or oxaliplatin-involved regimen for untreated metastatic advanced colorectal cancer.
Safety of bevacizumab in patients with advanced cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Fluorine-18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography in response assessment before high-dose chemotherapy for lymphoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Increased risk of serious hemorrhage with bevacizumab in cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Association between p53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of nonpenetrating filtering surgery in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for onset of osteoarthritis of the knee in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bone recovery after zoledronate therapy in thalassemia-induced osteoporosis: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Key genes in lung cancer translational research: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of placebo-controlled clinical trials assessing the efficacy and  safety of incretin-based medications in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Cross-national patterns of gender differences in mathematics: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of research on gender differences in sexuality, 1993-2007.
Meta-analysis of CSF and MRI biomarkers for detecting preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Antipsychotic medication in adolescents suffering from schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Do primary care physicians have particular difficulty identifying late-life depression? A meta-analysis stratified by age.
Effects of interventions involving the family in the treatment of adult patients  with chronic physical diseases: a meta-analysis.
The effects of nonpharmacological interventions on subjective memory complaints:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hepatitis B virus infection and related factors in hemodialysis patients in China - systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of soluble mesothelin-related peptides for malignant mesothelioma: a meta-analysis.
[Efficacy and securyty of therapeutic hypothermia for hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy: a meta-analysis].
Effect of glucosamine or chondroitin sulfate on the osteoarthritis progression: a meta-analysis.
A systematic comparison of combination DMARD therapy and tumour necrosis inhibitor therapy with methotrexate in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis.
Diagnostic accuracy of sonography for pleural effusion: systematic review.
Specific immunotherapy using Hymenoptera venom: systematic review.
Cognitive impairment in affective psychoses: a meta-analysis.
Emotional experience in patients with schizophrenia revisited: meta-analysis of laboratory studies.
A meta-analysis of oxidative stress markers in schizophrenia.
Physical activity and subjective well-being among people with spinal cord injury: a meta-analysis.
Intravenous route of cell delivery for treatment of neurological disorders: a meta-analysis of preclinical results.
Strength training improves upper-limb function in individuals with stroke: a meta-analysis.
Ten-year detection rate of brain arteriovenous malformations in a large, multiethnic, defined population.
Endovascular treatment of very small (3 mm or smaller) intracranial aneurysms: report of a consecutive series and a meta-analysis.
Mismatch-based delayed thrombolysis: a meta-analysis.
Effect of statin treatment on vasospasm, delayed cerebral ischemia, and functional outcome in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis update.
Efficacy and safety of drug-eluting stents in patients with acute ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Impact of C-reactive protein on in-stent restenosis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the risk of mortality with salmeterol and the effect of concomitant inhaled corticosteroid therapy.
Leveraging learning from a phase III colorectal cancer clinical trial: outcomes,  methodology, meta-analysis and pharmacogenetics.
Appropriateness of fresh-frozen plasma usage in hospital settings: a meta-analysis of the impact of organizational interventions.
Plant mating systems in a changing world.
Can parasites really reveal environmental impact?
Transvaginal cervical length measurement for prediction of preterm birth in women with threatened preterm labor: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of ureteral lithiasis with tamsulosin: literature review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of the effect of experience and specialization on the long-term results of surgery for colorectal cancer].
Mechanical compression versus subcutaneous heparin therapy in postoperative and posttrauma patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Ganciclovir therapy for congenital cytomegalovirus infection in newborn infants: a meta analysis].
[Meta analysis of outcomes of penehyclidine hydrochloride and atropine in treatment of acute organophosphorus poisoning].
Azithromycin-containing versus standard triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication: a meta-analysis.
Hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha gene polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A complementary systems account of word learning: neural and behavioural evidence.
American palm ethnomedicine: a meta-analysis.
Screening for postnatal depression in primary care: cost effectiveness analysis.
Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for resectable esophageal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Directly observed antiretroviral therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
Survival of cancer patients treated with mistletoe extract (Iscador): a systematic literature review.
Psychoeducation for depression, anxiety and psychological distress: a meta-analysis.
Birth weight in relation to leisure time physical activity in adolescence and adulthood: meta-analysis of results from 13 nordic cohorts.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of statins versus placebo in patients with heart failure.
Therapeutic trajectory of hyaluronic acid versus corticosteroids in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Epoetin-beta treatment in patients with cancer chemotherapy-induced anaemia: the  impact of initial haemoglobin and target haemoglobin levels on survival, tumour progression and thromboembolic events.
Effectiveness of pediatric antiretroviral therapy in resource-limited settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
4 months of rifampin compared with 9 months of isoniazid for the management of latent tuberculosis infection: a meta-analysis and cost-effectiveness study that  focuses on compliance and liver toxicity.
TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Obstructive sleep apnea and risk of motor vehicle crash: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-therapeutic risk factors for onset of tardive dyskinesia in schizophrenia: a  meta-analysis.
Meta analysis of the leech as a live foreign body: detection, precaution and treatment.
[Meta-analyses of oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy versus cisplatin-based chemotherapy in advanced gastric cancer].
Coffee, decaffeinated coffee, and tea consumption in relation to incident type 2  diabetes mellitus: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Filling gaps in PPAR-alpha signaling through comparative nutrigenomics analysis.
Evaluation of serological trials submitted for annual re-licensure of influenza vaccines to regulatory authorities between 1992 and 2002.
Chronic myelogenous leukemia and benzene exposure: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the case-control literature.
Neuraminidase inhibitors for preventing and treating influenza in healthy adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association between alcohol use, alcohol use disorders and tuberculosis (TB). A systematic review.
Efficacy of low-level laser therapy in the management of neck pain: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of randomised placebo or active-treatment controlled trials.
Ertapenem versus piperacillin/tazobactam for the treatment of complicated infections: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lack of association between TNF 238 G/A polymorphism and type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Nateglinide versus repaglinide for type 2 diabetes mellitus in China.
Alcohol and hypertension: gender differences in dose-response relationships determined through systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol as a correlate of unprotected sexual behavior among people living with HIV/AIDS: review and meta-analysis.
Dietary protein and bone health: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prediction of incident stroke events based on retinal vessel caliber: a systematic review and individual-participant meta-analysis.
Association between the ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal esterase L1 gene (UCHL1) S18Y variant and Parkinson's Disease: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Sequential therapy or triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori infection: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in adults and children.
Accuracy of neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) in diagnosis and prognosis in acute kidney injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ascorbic acid for anemia management in hemodialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Patellar tendon versus hamstring tendon autografts for reconstructing the anterior cruciate ligament: a meta-analysis based on individual patient data.
Use of remifentanil as a sedative agent in critically ill adult patients: a meta-analysis.
Epidural space identification: a meta-analysis of complications after air versus  liquid as the medium for loss of resistance.
Serious complications associated with external intrathecal catheters used in cancer pain patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A review and meta-analysis of affective judgments and physical activity in adult  populations.
Adverse events of low- to medium-dose oral glucocorticoids in inflammatory diseases: a meta-analysis.
Association of the DVWA and GDF5 polymorphisms with osteoarthritis in UK populations.
Prospective clinical trials of thyroidectomy with LigaSure vs conventional vessel ligation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Feasibility study to support a threshold of sensitization concern concept in risk assessment based on human data.
Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) G-765C is a protective factor for coronary artery disease but not for ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Qualitative assessment of previous evidence and an updated meta-analysis confirms lack of association between the ESR1 rs2234693 (PvuII) variant and coronary heart disease in men and women.
Differences in characteristics and risk of cardiovascular disease in familial hypercholesterolemia patients with and without tendon xanthomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
P3 event-related potential impairments in antisocial and psychopathic individuals: a meta-analysis.
FTO polymorphisms are associated with obesity but not with diabetes in East Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
Gray matter, white matter, brain, and intracranial volumes in first-episode bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Soy intake and risk of endocrine-related gynaecological cancer: a meta-analysis.
Cognitive functioning in schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder and affective psychoses: meta-analytic study.
The effects of subjective norms on behaviour in the theory of planned behaviour:  a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of impact exercise on postmenopausal bone loss: the case for mixed loading exercise programmes.
Meta-analysis of gene expression profiles related to relapse-free survival in 1,079 breast cancer patients.
Genetic polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase genes GSTP1, GSTM1, and GSTT1  and risk of esophageal and gastric cardia cancers.
Smoking and risk of glioma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of longitudinal studies: Serum vitamin D and prostate cancer risk.
Epidemiology and prevention of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Erythropoiesis stimulating agents in heart failure patients with anemia: a meta-analysis.
Identification of intergenic trans-regulatory RNAs containing a disease-linked SNP sequence and targeting cell cycle progression/differentiation pathways in multiple common human disorders.
Where is the semantic system? A critical review and meta-analysis of 120 functional neuroimaging studies.
Pulmonary vein isolation for the maintenance of sinus rhythm in patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
B-type natriuretic peptides and cardiovascular risk: systematic review and meta-analysis of 40 prospective studies.
Effectiveness of the wraparound process for children with emotional and behavioral disorders: a meta-analysis.
Impact of GH substitution on exercise capacity and muscle strength in GH-deficient adults: a meta-analysis of blinded, placebo-controlled trials.
Small intestinal bacterial overgrowth in irritable bowel syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of adenomas and colorectal cancer in average risk individuals: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prophylaxis of heterotopic ossification of the hip: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of using infliximab for the treatment  of rheumatoid arthritis.
Meta-analysis of doripenem vs comparators in patients with pseudomonas infections enrolled in four phase III efficacy and safety clinical trials.
Self-monitoring of blood glucose in non-insulin treated patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does exercise therapy improve headache? a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Rates of progression in diabetic retinopathy during different time periods: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the benefits of self-monitoring of blood glucose on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes patients: an update.
No evidence of increased risk of malignancies in patients with diabetes treated with insulin detemir: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of initial seizure thresholds in electroconvulsive therapy.
Antiviral prophylaxis in haematological patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase P1 Ile105Val polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis and HuGE review.
Vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms, serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels, and melanoma: UK case-control comparisons and a meta-analysis of published VDR data.
Cell proliferation-related genetic polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Multiple micronutrient supplementation during pregnancy in low-income countries:  a meta-analysis of effects on stillbirths and on early and late neonatal mortality.
Multiple micronutrient supplementation during pregnancy in low-income countries:  a meta-analysis of effects on birth size and length of gestation.
Guidewire versus conventional contrast cannulation of the common bile duct for the prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Follow-up of 1715 SNPs from the Wellcome Trust Case Control Consortium genome-wide association study in type I diabetes families.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 genes and susceptibility to chronic myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Treatment and follow-up of oral dysplasia - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mental health in sexual minorities: recent indicators, trends, and their relationships to place in North America and Europe.
Genome-wide significant predictors of metabolites in the one-carbon metabolism pathway.
Genetic variation in GPR133 is associated with height: genome wide association study in the self-contained population of Sorbs.
The relationship between apolipoprotein E epsilon2/epsilon3/epsilon4 polymorphisms and hypertension: a meta-analysis of six studies comprising 1812 cases and 1762 controls.
Calculating prevalence of hepatitis B in India: using population weights to look  for publication bias in conventional meta-analysis.
An assessment of a TNF polymorphic marker for the risk of HCV infection: meta-analysis and a new clinical study design.
Effect of procalcitonin-guided treatment in patients with infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Housekeeping genes in prostate tumorigenesis.
Local anaesthetic vs. general anaesthetic for inguinal hernia repair: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of perinatal variables in relation to the risk of testicular cancer--experiences of the mother.
Risk of cancer among hairdressers and related workers: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies on cigarette smoking and liver cancer.
A systematic review of chronic fatigue, its syndromes and ethnicity: prevalence,  severity, co-morbidity and coping.
Seasonality of rotavirus disease in the tropics: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early enteral nutrition, provided within 24 h of injury or intensive care unit admission, significantly reduces mortality in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the incidence of non-AIDS cancers in HIV-infected individuals.
A meta-analysis of depression severity and cognitive function.
Adjuvant phytotherapy in the treatment of cervical cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety and tolerability of onabotulinumtoxinA in the treatment of facial lines: a meta-analysis of individual patient data from global clinical registration studies in 1678 participants.
Use of benznidazole to treat chronic Chagas' disease: a systematic review with a  meta-analysis.
Anxiety and depressive disorders in offspring at high risk for anxiety: a meta-analysis.
Octreotide for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Spinal analgesia in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A network meta-analysis combined direct and indirect comparisons between glaucoma drugs to rank effectiveness in lowering intraocular pressure.
Largest meta-analysis to date suggests that patients at risk for cardiovascular disease events derive benefit from antihypertensive therapy regardless of baseline blood pressure and to reduce vascular events, lowering blood pressure is more important than choice of antihypertensive drug class.
Diagnosis of endotoxemia with gram-negative bacteremia is bacterial species dependent: a meta-analysis of clinical studies.
Does levodopa improve swallowing dysfunction in Parkinson's disease patients?
A classification and meta-analysis of community-based directly observed therapy programs for tuberculosis treatment in developing countries.
When wait lists are not feasible, nothing is a thing that does not need to be done.
A meta-analytic review of the Penn Resiliency Program's effect on depressive symptoms.
Impact of patient position on the incidence of ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Changes in relationship satisfaction across the transition to parenthood: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of topical prostaglandin analogs in the treatment of chronic angle-closure glaucoma.
Do COX-2 inhibitors raise blood pressure more than nonselective NSAIDs and placebo? An updated meta-analysis.
Diagnostic characteristics of given video capsule endoscopy in diagnosis of celiac disease: a meta-analysis.
Substance-dependence rehab treatment in Thailand: a meta analysis.
Meta-analysis of vascular endothelial growth factor variations in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: increased susceptibility in male carriers of the -2578AA genotype.
Osteoinductive bone graft substitutes for lumbar fusion: a systematic review.
Operative versus nonoperative management of acute odontoid Type II fractures: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of early-stage glottic cancer: meta-analysis comparison of laser excision versus radiotherapy.
rTMS for suppressing neuropathic pain: a meta-analysis.
Serum procalcitonin for prediction of renal parenchymal involvement in children with urinary tract infections: a meta-analysis of prospective clinical studies.
The implications of Big Five standing for the distribution of trait manifestation in behavior: fifteen experience-sampling studies and a meta-analysis.
Curriculum-based measurement oral reading as an indicator of reading achievement: a meta-analysis of the correlational evidence.
Is minimized extracorporeal circulation effective to reduce the need for red blood cell transfusion in coronary artery bypass grafting? Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy with tegafur-uracil on survival in  patients with stage IA non-small cell lung cancer: an exploratory analysis from a meta-analysis of six randomized controlled trials.
Interleukin-6 polymorphisms modify the risk of periodontitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Allergy and the risk of childhood leukemia: a meta-analysis.
The effect of age on lumbar range of motion: a systematic review.
Is the SMART approach better than other treatment approaches for prevention of asthma exacerbations? A meta-analysis.
Comparison between primary angioplasty and stent placement for symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic disease: meta-analysis of case series.
Fixed versus mobile bearing unicompartmental knee replacement: a meta-analysis.
Topical steroids in chronic rhinosinusitis without polyps: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ultrasound guided internal jugular vein access in children and infant: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Meta-analysis of the relevance of the OPRM1 118A>G genetic variant for pain treatment.
Immunohistochemical prognostic markers in intracranial ependymomas: systematic review and meta-analysis.
An evidence base for patient-centered cancer care: a meta-analysis of studies of  observed communication between cancer specialists and their patients.
Association between adherence and glycemic control in pediatric type 1 diabetes:  a meta-analysis.
Evidence of effectiveness of herbal medicinal products in the treatment of arthritis. Part 2: Rheumatoid arthritis.
Meta-analysis of inter-species liver co-expression networks elucidates traits associated with common human diseases.
The APPLe study: a randomized, community-based, placebo-controlled trial of azithromycin for the prevention of preterm birth, with meta-analysis.
Impact of progressive resistance training on lipids and lipoproteins in adults: another look at a meta-analysis using prediction intervals.
Effects of prolonged use of azithromycin in patients with cystic fibrosis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies in chromosome 22q11.2 deletion syndrome (velocardiofacial syndrome).
A systematic review of angiotensin receptor blockers in preventing stroke.
Doppler embolic signals in cerebrovascular disease and prediction of stroke risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reducing gastric secretions--a role for histamine 2 antagonists or proton pump inhibitors in malignant bowel obstruction?
Laparoscopic assisted distal gastrectomy for early gastric cancer: is it an alternative to the open approach?
Short term effect of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator in patients with hemodynamically stable acute pulmonary embolism: results of a meta-analysis involving 464 patients.
Great saphenous vein harvesting: a systematic review and meta-analysis of open versus endoscopic techniques.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials assessing the prophylactic use of ceftriaxone. A study of wound, chest and urinary infections.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of chewing-gum therapy in the reduction of postoperative paralytic ileus following gastrointestinal surgery.
A meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials assessing the prophylactic use of ceftriaxone. A study of wound, chest, and urinary infections.
[A meta analysis on randomized controlled trials of acupuncture treatment of chronic fatigue syndrome].
[Association of human parvovirus B19 infection and childhood idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura: a meta analysis of Chinese literatures].
[Meta-analysis on serological effect of the primary vaccination for Japanese encephalitis of the literatures].
[Effects of infant formula containing palm oil on the nutrient absorption and defecation in infants: a meta-analysis].
[Efficacy and safety of cyclosporine A in treatment of refractory nephrotic syndrome in children: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials].
[Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of fluconazole in prophylaxis of fungal infection in very low birth weight infants].
Prefrontal structural and functional brain imaging findings in antisocial, violent, and psychopathic individuals: a meta-analysis.
Association between X-ray repair cross complementing group 1 codon 399 and 194 polymorphisms and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Cold spots in hot spots: transcription start sites of active genes are spared from HIV vector integration.
Extent of publication bias in different categories of research cohorts: a meta-analysis of empirical studies.
Motor development in very preterm and very low-birth-weight children from birth to adolescence: a meta-analysis.
Salt intake, stroke, and cardiovascular disease: meta-analysis of prospective studies.
A common variant at 9p21 is associated with sudden and arrhythmic cardiac death.
A network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of biologics for rheumatoid arthritis: a Cochrane overview.
A meta-analysis of the mechanism of blood pressure change with aging.
[Meta-analysis on relationship between hyperhomocysteinemia and multiple sclerosis].
Meta-analysis of the impact of 9 medication classes on falls in elderly persons.
Mobile phone use and risk of tumors: a meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance imaging screening of the contralateral breast in women with newly diagnosed breast cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of incremental cancer detection and impact on surgical management.
The relative efficacy and safety of clopidogrel in women and men a sex-specific collaborative meta-analysis.
Discovery properties of genome-wide association signals from cumulatively combined data sets.
A meta-analysis of the corpus callosum in autism.
Depression as a predictor of disease progression and mortality in cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: increased mortality associated with hepatitis C in HIV-infected persons is unrelated to HIV disease progression.
Submicroscopic infection in Plasmodium falciparum-endemic populations: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Understanding others' actions and goals by mirror and mentalizing systems: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and safety of splenectomy for gastric carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
White matter reduction in patients with schizophrenia as revealed by voxel-based  morphometry: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Teenage pregnancy and social disadvantage: systematic review integrating controlled trials and qualitative studies.
Coffee consumption and risk of coronary heart diseases: a meta-analysis of 21 prospective cohort studies.
The spinothalamic system targets motor and sensory areas in the cerebral cortex of monkeys.
[Video-assisted technique is best when performing laparoscopic gastrostomy in children. Meta-analysis of the frequency of fistulas following two different methods].
Income inequality, mortality, and self rated health: meta-analysis of multilevel  studies.
Aspirin for primary prevention of cardiovascular events in people with diabetes:  meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Oral phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors and hormonal treatments for erectile dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pickled vegetables and the risk of oesophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
[A meta-analysis of effects of high PEEP versus low PEEP upon mortality in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome].
Gene-smoking interaction on colorectal adenoma and cancer risk: review and meta-analysis.
[Systematic review to assess the effectiveness and safety of parecoxib].
Antibiotic prophylaxis for children at risk of developing urinary tract infection: a systematic review.
[Efficiency of biologic agents in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis].
Smoking history and the incidence of age-related macular degeneration--results from the Muenster Aging and Retina Study (MARS) cohort and systematic review and  meta-analysis of observational longitudinal studies.
Online support for smoking cessation: a systematic review of the literature.
Computer-delivered interventions to reduce college student drinking: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy for house dust mites respiratory allergy: results of a GA2LEN meta-analysis.
Pouch vs. no pouch following total gastrectomy: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Bayesian meta-analysis of hormone therapy and mortality in younger postmenopausal women.
School-based interventions on childhood obesity: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of HIV/STI behavioral interventions for African American females in  the United States: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis examining clinical test utility for assessing superior labral anterior posterior lesions.
An evaluation of calcium hydroxylapatite (Radiesse) for cosmetic nasolabial fold  correction: a meta-analysis and patient centric outcomes study.
Diagnostic value of subependymal pseudocysts and choroid plexus cysts on neonatal cerebral ultrasound: a meta-analysis.
Use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for adults in cardiac arrest (E-CPR):  a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Genetic diversity of CX3CR1 gene and coronary artery disease: new insights through a meta-analysis.
Noninvasive methods of detecting fetal anaemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Goal-directed haemodynamic therapy and gastrointestinal complications in major surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Voxel-wise meta-analysis of grey matter changes in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of enteral nutrition formulations in acute pancreatitis.
Comparative survival with diverse chemotherapy regimens for cancer of unknown primary site: multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
Adjuvant hormone therapy for localised and locally advanced prostate carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Complication rates after left- versus right-sided carotid endarterectomy.
Oral L-arginine supplementation in acute myocardial infarction therapy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The influence of emotion-focused rumination and distraction on depressive symptoms in non-clinical youth: a meta-analytic review.
Efficacy of EMDR in children: a meta-analysis.
Is semantic memory impaired in schizophrenia? A systematic review and meta-analysis of 91 studies.
The effect of aspirin in the recurrence of colorectal adenomas: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Alcohol as a risk factor for type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Baseline differences in A1C explain apparent differences in efficacy of sitagliptin, rosiglitazone and pioglitazone.
Intensive glucose control and macrovascular outcomes in type 2 diabetes.
EUS-guided celiac plexus neurolysis for pain due to chronic pancreatitis or pancreatic cancer pain: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of randomized and controlled treatment trials for achalasia.
Air pollution, aeroallergens, and emergency room visits for acute respiratory diseases and gastroenteric disorders among young children in six Italian cities.
Risk profile and benefits from Gp IIb-IIIa inhibitors among patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction treated with primary angioplasty: a meta-regression analysis of randomized trials.
Carotid artery stenting vs. endarterectomy.
Meta-analysis of risk factors for cutaneous melanoma according to anatomical site and clinico-pathological variant.
Association between manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSOD) Val-9Ala polymorphism  and cancer risk - A meta-analysis.
Overweight, obesity and gastric cancer risk: results from a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Statins and total (not LDL) cholesterol concentration and outcome of myocardial infarction: results from a meta-analysis and an observational study.
Clinical outcomes after estimated versus calculated activity of radioiodine for the treatment of hyperthyroidism: systematic review and meta-analysis.
To close or not to close? A systematic review and a meta-analysis of peritoneal non-closure and adhesion formation after caesarean section.
Bipolar versus monopolar transurethral resection of the prostate: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of robotic-assisted versus conventional laparoscopic pyeloplasty for patients with ureteropelvic junction obstruction: effect on operative time, length of hospital stay, postoperative complications, and success rate.
Implantable cardioverter defibrillator therapy in chronic kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
An international meta-analysis of values of travel time savings.
Effect of preconceptional metformin on abortion risk in polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
HIV positivity, protease inhibitor exposure and subclinical atherosclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Renal epithelioid angiomyolipoma: a study of six cases and a meta-analytic study. Development of criteria for screening the entity with prognostic significance.
Brain volume abnormalities in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Addition of growth hormone to gonadotrophins in ovarian stimulation of poor responders treated by in-vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Regression of left ventricular mass by antihypertensive treatment: a meta-analysis of randomized comparative studies.
Role of ATG16L1 Thr300Ala polymorphism in inflammatory bowel disease: a Study in  the Spanish population and a meta-analysis.
Acupuncture for schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bladder irrigation with amphotericin B and fungal urinary tract infection--systematic review with meta-analysis.
Social comparison as a predictor of body dissatisfaction: A meta-analytic review.
Acoustic measurement of overall voice quality: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the placebo response in antidepressant trials.
The relationship between short-term mortality and quality of care for hip fracture: a meta-analysis of clinical pathways for hip fracture.
Factors affecting sensitivity and specificity of diagnostic testing: dobutamine stress echocardiography.
What you see may not be what you get: relationships among self-presentation tactics and ratings of interview and job performance.
Polymorphism of the ADRB2 gene and response to inhaled beta- agonists in children with asthma: a meta-analysis.
Concentric evertor strength differences and functional ankle instability: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of the acid-ash hypothesis of osteoporosis on calcium balance.
Epidermal growth factor receptor genomic variation in NSCLC patients receiving tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maternal and fetal outcome in women with type 2 versus type 1 diabetes mellitus:  a systematic review and metaanalysis.
A meta analysis of treating subarachnoid hemorrhage with magnesium sulfate.
Effects of lithium on cognitive performance: a meta-analysis.
Delayed posttraumatic stress disorder: systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression analysis of prospective studies.
Anti-HCV antibody positivity of various sections of Pakistani patients.
Meta-analysis: the efficacy and safety of monoclonal antibody targeted to epidermal growth factor receptor in the treatment of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer.
Outcome of surgical endodontic treatment performed by a modern technique: a meta-analysis of literature.
Can wire-guided cannulation reduce the risk of post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Interleukin-18 polymorphism and physical functioning in older people: a replication study and meta-analysis.
Evaluation of aortic valve stenosis by cardiac multislice computed tomography compared with echocardiography: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of collagen type I alpha1 (COLIA1) Sp1 polymorphism with osteoporotic fracture in Caucasian post-menopausal women: a meta-analysis.
Provisional vs. complex stenting strategy for coronary bifurcation lesions: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Maternal BMI and preterm birth: a systematic review of the literature with meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of design- and manufacturing-related parameters influencing the wear behavior of metal-on-metal hip joint replacements.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between response expectancies and cancer treatment-related side effects.
Pediatric thyroid fine-needle aspiration cytology: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the effect of implant length on the survival of rough-surface dental implants.
Functional atlas of emotional faces processing: a voxel-based meta-analysis of 105 functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Epidemiology of injuries in competition taekwondo: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Stroke prevention by cilostazol in patients with atherothrombosis: meta-analysis  of placebo-controlled randomized trials.
Risk of skin rash associated with erlotinib in cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative versus postoperative chemotherapy in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer: systematic review and indirect comparison meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Polyorchidism: a meta-analysis.
Pediatric pyeloplasty: comparison of literature meta-analysis of laparoscopic and open techniques with open surgery at a single institution.
Catheter-directed therapy for the treatment of massive pulmonary embolism: systematic review and meta-analysis of modern techniques.
The effect of left subclavian artery coverage on morbidity and mortality in patients undergoing endovascular thoracic aortic interventions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sodium bicarbonate plus N-acetylcysteine prophylaxis: a meta-analysis.
Male circumcision and risk of HIV infection in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence, incidence, and factors associated with pre-stroke and post-stroke dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Extended lymphadenectomy versus conventional surgery for rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
The DNA repair gene APE1 T1349G polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of  27 case-control studies.
Microduplications of 16p11.2 are associated with schizophrenia.
A genome-wide meta-analysis identifies 22 loci associated with eight hematological parameters in the HaemGen consortium.
Twenty bone-mineral-density loci identified by large-scale meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
A meta-analysis of hippocampal atrophy rates in Alzheimer's disease.
The association between intensive glycemic control and vascular complications in  type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of cardiovascular disease through glycemic control in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Lipid peroxidation and antioxidant status in preeclampsia: a systematic review.
CD24 overexpression in cancer development and progression: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effects of atrial overdrive pacing on sleep apnea syndrome.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of cannabis treatment for chronic pain.
The incidence of lower eyelid malposition after facial fracture repair: a retrospective study and meta-analysis comparing subtarsal, subciliary, and transconjunctival incisions.
A meta-analysis of blood fatty acids in people with learning disorders with particular interest in arachidonic acid.
Anxiety sensitivity and the anxiety disorders: a meta-analytic review and synthesis.
Men and things, women and people: a meta-analysis of sex differences in interests.
Cognitive appraisals and emotions predict cortisol and immune responses: a meta-analysis of acute laboratory social stressors and emotion inductions.
Low-dose HCG may improve pregnancy rates and lower OHSS in antagonist cycles: a meta-analysis.
Frequency of dosing and comparative doses of mometasone furoate: a meta-analysis.
[Risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus among users of atypical antipsychotic drugs or  conventional treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis].
Lack of association of TNF-alpha promoter polymorphisms with ankylosing spondylitis: a meta-analysis.
Oral drugs for hypertensive urgencies: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association of the APOE epsilon 4 allele with the risk of obstructive sleep apnea: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Activated partial thromboplastin time monitoring in patients receiving unfractionated heparin for venous thromboembolism in relation to clinical outcomes.
Gene polymorphisms and risk of adult early-onset ischemic stroke: A meta-analysis.
Induction with and without antithymocyte globulin combined with cyclosporine/tacrolimus-based immunosuppression in renal transplantation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Meta-analysis of effect of intervention with folic acid on neural tube defects].
[Meta analysis of effects on maternal passive smoking during pregnancy on fetal low birth weight].
[Meta-analysis of the effects on hormone replacement therapy and oral contraceptives associated with female lung cancer risk].
[Arsenic trioxide in combination with all-trans retinoic acid for acute promyelocytic leukemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
[Systematic review on sodium ferulate for treatment of diabetic nephropathy].
[Study on the association of cytochrome P450 polymorphisms and the risk of esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis].
Migraine and cardiovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of remote monitoring of heart failure patients.
[Meta-analysis of unicompartmental knee arthroplasty versus high tibial osteotomy in the treatment of unicompartmental knee osteoarthritis].
The potency of team-based care interventions for hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy on prognosis and surgery for esophageal carcinoma.
Meta-analysis: ventilation strategies and outcomes of the acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury.
Collaborative meta-analysis: associations of 150 candidate genes with osteoporosis and osteoporotic fracture.
Is a pre-operative brain natriuretic peptide or N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide measurement an independent predictor of adverse cardiovascular outcomes within 30 days of noncardiac surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Tumor necrosis factor polymorphisms and alcoholic liver disease: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
HLA-B51/B5 and the risk of Behçet's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control genetic association studies.
Dopamine receptor D3 (DRD3) genotype and allelic variants and risk for essential  tremor.
Statins for the prevention and treatment of infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis on the adverse events of rimonabant treatment: considerations for its potential use in hepatology.
Meta-analysis: adefovir dipivoxil in combination with lamivudine in patients with lamivudine-resistant hepatitis B virus.
Urinary estrogen metabolites and prostate cancer: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Amifostine for salivary glands in high-dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer.
Adjuvant radiotherapy and chemoradiation after surgery for cervical cancer.
Pentoxifylline for alcoholic hepatitis.
S-Adenosylmethionine for osteoarthritis of the knee or hip.
Alpha blockers prior to removal of a catheter for acute urinary retention in adult men.
Chinese herbal medicines for people with impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasting blood glucose.
Mobile phone-based interventions for smoking cessation.
Special care units for dementia individuals with behavioural problems.
Tailored interventions based on exhaled nitric oxide versus clinical symptoms for asthma in children and adults.
Vitamin D compounds for people with chronic kidney disease requiring dialysis.
Interventions to promote the wearing of hearing protection.
Intranasal steroids for acute sinusitis.
Different dosage schedules for reducing cardiotoxicity in cancer patients receiving anthracycline chemotherapy.
Pneumococcal conjugate vaccines for preventing vaccine-type invasive pneumococcal disease and X-ray defined pneumonia in children less than two years of age.
Surgical excision margins for primary cutaneous melanoma.
Chinese herbal medicines for esophageal cancer.
Additional bedtime H2-receptor antagonist for the control of nocturnal gastric acid breakthrough.
Blood pressure lowering in patients without prior cerebrovascular disease for prevention of cognitive impairment and dementia.
Methyldopa for primary hypertension.
Enamel matrix derivative (Emdogain(R)) for periodontal tissue regeneration in intrabony defects.
Interventions for replacing missing teeth: horizontal and vertical bone augmentation techniques for dental implant treatment.
Prophylactic oral/topical non-absorbed antifungal agents to prevent invasive fungal infection in very low birth weight infants.
Physical fitness training for stroke patients.
Oral or transdermal opioids for osteoarthritis of the knee or hip.
Transcutaneous electrostimulation for osteoarthritis of the knee.
Oestrogen therapy for urinary incontinence in post-menopausal women.
Laparoscopic surgery for pelvic pain associated with endometriosis.
Azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine for induction of remission in Crohn's disease.
Growth hormone for in vitro fertilization.
C-reactive protein as a risk factor for coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analyses for the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.
Behavioural interventions for smoking cessation in patients hospitalised for a major cardiovascular event.
Navigated cup implantation in hip arthroplasty.
PON1 is a longevity gene: results of a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of prognostic value of stress testing in patients with asymptomatic severe aortic stenosis.
Effect of vegetarian diets on bone mineral density: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Knowledge, detection, and reporting of abuse by health and social care professionals: a systematic review.
The association between delirium and the apolipoprotein E epsilon 4 allele: new study results and a meta-analysis.
Serotonergic system genes in psychosis of Alzheimer dementia: meta-analysis.
Forced euvolemic diuresis with mannitol and furosemide for prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy in patients with CKD undergoing coronary angiography: a randomized controlled trial.
Side effects of phytoestrogens: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Incidence of thrombocytopenia in hospitalized patients with venous thromboembolism.
Meta-analysis of workplace physical activity interventions.
A meta-analysis of the prospective randomised trials of coronary revascularisation before noncardiac vascular surgery with attention to the type of coronary revascularisation performed.
HTRA1 promoter polymorphism and risk of age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis.
[Antimicrobial prophylaxis for caesarean delivery: before or after cord clamping? A meta-analysis].
Comparative efficacy and safety of vancomycin versus teicoplanin: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effects of conjugated linoleic acid on fat-free mass in humans.
Salvage treatment of late neck metastasis in esthesioneuroblastoma: a meta-analysis.
As good as it gets? A meta-analysis and systematic review of methodological quality of heart rate variability studies in functional somatic disorders.
The prognosis and treatment of acquired hemophilia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fall prevention with supplemental and active forms of vitamin D: a meta-analysis  of randomised controlled trials.
No association of CTLA-4 polymorphisms with susceptibility to Behçet disease.
Age at onset and cognition in schizophrenia: meta-analysis.
Systematic review of tumour number and outcome after radical treatment of colorectal liver metastases.
Does psychosocial stress predict symptomatic herpes simplex virus recurrence? A meta-analytic investigation on prospective studies.
Systematic review by meta-analyses on the possible role of TNF-alpha polymorphisms in association with Alzheimer's disease.
Visual acuity after intravitreal triamcinolone for diabetic macular edema refractory to laser treatment: a meta-analysis.
Use of intra-articular lidocaine as analgesia in anterior shoulder dislocation: a review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Do corticosteroids reduce the risk of fat embolism syndrome in patients with long-bone fractures? A meta-analysis.
DNA repair gene polymorphisms and risk of cutaneous melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus type 16 and 18 in primary lung cancers--a meta-analysis.
Double versus single stenting for coronary bifurcation lesions: a meta-analysis.
Gene expression profiles as predictors of poor outcomes in stage II colorectal cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Weight loss interventions in chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sodium bicarbonate for the prevention of contrast induced-acute kidney injury: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review to assess the anatomical correlates of the notches in acoustic rhinometry.
Effects of exercise programmes on quality of life in osteoporotic and osteopenic  postmenopausal women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ventilator-associated pneumonia and mortality: a systematic review of observational studies.
Statin therapy and risk of developing type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Heterogeneous effects of fructose on blood lipids in individuals with type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of experimental trials in humans.
Home telehealth for diabetes management: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exercise as stroke prophylaxis.
Ultrasonographic screening for the detection of abdominal aortic aneurysms.
[Comparative efficacy and acceptability of new-generation antidepressants. Synthesis meta-analysis Cipriani].
A systematic review and meta-analysis of childhood leukemia and parental occupational pesticide exposure.
Chlorination disinfection by-products in drinking water and congenital anomalies: review and meta-analyses.
Mortality manifesto: a meta-analysis of aprotinin and tranexamic acid mortality.
Coronary artery bypass grafting versus drug-eluting stents in multivessel coronary disease. A meta-analysis on 24,268 patients.
Efficacy of home-based exercise programmes for people with chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Quantitative myocardial contrast echocardiography during pharmacological stress for diagnosis of coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy studies.
Brain natriuretic peptide for the prediction of sudden cardiac death and ventricular arrhythmias: a meta-analysis.
Independent relationship of left atrial size and mortality in patients with heart failure: an individual patient meta-analysis of longitudinal data (MeRGE Heart Failure).
The FAS ligand promoter polymorphism, rs763110 (-844C>T), contributes to cancer susceptibility: evidence from 19 case-control studies.
Preterm birth and low birth weight among in vitro fertilization singletons: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
The efficacy of horizontal and vertical bone augmentation procedures for dental implants - a Cochrane systematic review.
Is diagnostic delay related to advanced-stage oral cancer? A meta-analysis.
Drug therapy for improving walking distance in intermittent claudication: a systematic review and meta-analysis of robust randomised controlled studies.
Risk of mortality associated with formoterol: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacotherapy plus endoscopic intervention is more effective than pharmacotherapy or endoscopy alone in the secondary prevention of esophageal variceal bleeding: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphisms and diabetic nephropathy: a  HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Zolmitriptan nasal spray in the acute treatment of cluster headache: a meta-analysis of two studies.
The relative efficacy of phenothiazines for the treatment of acute migraine: a meta-analysis.
Endovascular stents for abdominal aortic aneurysms: a systematic review and economic model.
Simple versus complex stenting strategy for coronary artery bifurcation lesions in the drug-eluting stent era: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Meta-analysis: Lactobacillus containing quadruple therapy versus standard triple  first-line therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Computed tomography in diagnosing vascular invasion in pancreatic and periampullary cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of denosumab in postmenopausal women with osteopenia or osteoporosis: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Identifying black swans in NextGen: predicting human performance in off-nominal conditions.
Y chromosome gr/gr deletions are a risk factor for low semen quality.
Meta-analysis of positive effects, side effects and adverse events of holistic mind-body medicine (clinical holistic medicine): experience from Denmark, Sweden, United Kingdom and Germany.
A meta-analysis of hypnosis in the treatment of depressive symptoms: a brief communication.
Fast-track vs standard care in colorectal surgery: a meta-analysis update.
The cost-effectiveness of Maze procedures using ablation techniques at the time of mitral valve surgery.
Arthroplasty or internal fixation for displaced femoral neck fractures: which is  the optimal alternative for elderly patients? A meta-analysis.
The genetics of abdominal aortic aneurysms: a comprehensive meta-analysis involving eight candidate genes in over 16,700 patients.
Alcohol use and antiretroviral adherence: review and meta-analysis.
EPA but not DHA appears to be responsible for the efficacy of omega-3 long chain  polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in depression: evidence from a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of adding plant sterols or stanols to statin therapy in hypercholesterolemic patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Esmolol reduces perioperative ischemia in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials of  DHEA treatment effects on quality of life in women with adrenal insufficiency.
Impact of the exon 3-deleted growth hormone (GH) receptor polymorphism on baseline height and the growth response to recombinant human GH therapy in GH-deficient (GHD) and non-GHD children with short stature: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of early pharmacological treatment on cognitive and behavioral outcome after traumatic brain injury in adults: a meta-analysis.
Health inequalities in correctional institutions: implications for health inequalities in the community.
Psychosocial intervention for adults with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Hormone therapy and skeletal muscle strength: a meta-analysis.
Retreatment with pegylated interferon plus ribavirin of chronic hepatitis C non-responders to interferon plus ribavirin: a meta-analysis.
Night-day blood pressure ratio and dipping pattern as predictors of death and cardiovascular events in hypertension.
Preeclampsia and increased blood pressure in the offspring: meta-analysis and critical review of the evidence.
Effect of vitamin D on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[A meta-analysis of variables related to suicidal ideation in adolescents].
Physicochemical property changes of amino acid residues that accompany missense mutations in SCN1A affect epilepsy phenotype severity.
The Val/Met functional polymorphism in COMT confers susceptibility to bipolar disorder: evidence from an association study and a meta-analysis.
Neurological disorders and violence: a systematic review and meta-analysis with a focus on epilepsy and traumatic brain injury.
Growth disturbance after distal femoral growth plate fractures in children: a meta-analysis.
Transdermal fentanyl as a front-line approach to moderate-severe pain: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Endovascular stent graft placement in patients with type B aortic dissection: a meta-analysis in China.
Benefits of pharmacological facilitation with glycoprotein IIb-IIIa inhibitors in diabetic patients undergoing primary angioplasty for STEMI. A subanalysis of the  EGYPT cooperation.
Alcohol consumption is associated with a decreased risk of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Surgical or endovascular repair of thrombosed dialysis vascular access: is there  any evidence?
Processes of care for carotid endarterectomy: surgical and anesthesia considerations.
A meta-analysis of tourniquet assisted arthroscopic knee surgery.
Influenza as a trigger for acute myocardial infarction or death from cardiovascular disease: a systematic review.
Risk of bleeding with vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine-kinase inhibitors sunitinib and sorafenib: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of TP53 codon 72 polymorphism and lung cancer risk: evidence from 15,857 subjects.
Modeling the value for money of changing clinical practice change: a stochastic application in diabetes care.
[Effect of levosimendan on B-type natriuretic peptide levels in patients with advanced heart failure: a meta-analysis].
The effects of calcium-based versus non-calcium-based phosphate binders on mortality among patients with chronic kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
Neural correlates of Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment: a systematic and quantitative meta-analysis involving 1351 patients.
Utility of intraoperative electromyography in microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm: a meta-analysis.
Bariatric surgery for the treatment of morbid obesity: a meta-analysis of weight  loss outcomes for laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding and laparoscopic gastric bypass.
Incidence of febrile neutropenia and myelotoxicity of chemotherapy: a meta-analysis of biosimilar G-CSF studies in breast cancer, lung cancer, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Natural history of predominantly classic, minimally classic, and occult subgroups in exudative age-related macular degeneration.
A meta-analysis of surgical treatment for vestibular schwannoma: is hospital volume related to preservation of facial function?
The effect of physician-patient collaboration on patient adherence in non-psychiatric medicine.
Meta-analysis of apparent diffusion coefficients in the newborn brain.
A meta-analysis of clinical outcome in patients with total intestinal aganglionosis.
Whole and part practice: a meta-analysis.
Association of genotypes of the CYP3A cluster with midazolam disposition in vivo.
Efficacy and safety of piroxicam revisited. A global meta-analysis of randomised  clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of phototherapy in tissue repair.
Meta-analysis of the INSIG2 association with obesity including 74,345 individuals: does heterogeneity of estimates relate to study design?
Paramedic determinations of medical necessity: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of prenatal serum biomarker screening for neural tube defects in second trimester pregnant women: a meta-analysis.
Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis dysregulation in depressed children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of the effects of childhood abuse on medical outcomes in adulthood.
Tiotropium and risk for fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular events in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Chemoprophylaxis in contacts of patients with leprosy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Trends in cardiovascular mortality in patients with rheumatoid arthritis over 50  years: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of etanercept for treating rheumatoid arthritis.
Paternal age as a risk factor for schizophrenia: how important is it?
Do endothelin-receptor antagonists prevent delayed neurological deficits and poor outcomes after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage?: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the operative risks of carotid endarterectomy for recently symptomatic stenosis in relation to the timing of surgery.
Natriuretic peptides and troponins in pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
The hazards and benefits associated with smoking and smoking cessation in Asia: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The excess burden of trachomatous trichiasis in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between manganese superoxide dismutase gene polymorphism and risk of  prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Oral sildenafil citrate (viagra) for erectile dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of harms.
[Meta-analysis of relationship of vitamin D receptor gene polymorphism and tuberculosis susceptibility].
[Meta analysis for polymorphism of tumor necrosis factor-α-308 gene and susceptibility of pneumoconiosis].
Variant near ADAMTS9 known to associate with type 2 diabetes is related to insulin resistance in offspring of type 2 diabetes patients--EUGENE2 study.
Cardiovascular effect of bans on smoking in public places: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genomewide association study for onset age in Parkinson disease.
Interferon for the treatment of genital warts: a systematic review.
Bisphosphonates and atrial fibrillation: Bayesian meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials and observational studies.
Meta-analysis: clinicopathological and prognostic significance of cyclooxygenase-2 expression on oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Meta-analysis: retinal vessel caliber and risk for coronary heart disease.
Life course sun exposure and risk of prostate cancer: population-based nested case-control study and meta-analysis.
Phosphate decreases urine calcium and increases calcium balance: a meta-analysis  of the osteoporosis acid-ash diet hypothesis.
Meta-analysis of medical regimen adherence outcomes in pediatric solid organ transplantation.
[Meta-analysis of lumbar posterolateral fusion versus circumferential fusion in the treatment of the lumbar disease].
[Enteral versus parenteral nutrition after gastrointestinal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
Effectiveness of implantable cardioverter-defibrillators for the primary prevention of sudden cardiac death in women with advanced heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of colorectal endoscopic mucosal resection.
A meta-analysis of bed rest versus early ambulation in the management of pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, or both.
Meta-analysis of gene expression in human pancreatic islets after in vitro expansion.
Treatment outcomes of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The benefits of steroids versus steroids plus antivirals for treatment of Bell's  palsy: a meta-analysis.
The effects of excluding patients from the analysis in randomised controlled trials: meta-epidemiological study.
Meta-analysis of glioblastoma multiforme versus anaplastic astrocytoma identifies robust gene markers.
Combined corticosteroid and antiviral treatment for Bell palsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Low wound infection risk when using surgical meshes in incarcerated inguinal hernia. Meta-analysis of seven prospective studies with 311 patients].
The effects of drink-driving checkpoints on crashes--a meta-analysis.
Red light for red-light cameras? A meta-analysis of the effects of red-light cameras on crashes.
The Acupuncture Trialists' Collaboration: individual patient data meta-analysis of chronic pain trials.
Behavioral intervention to promote smoking cessation and prevent weight gain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Biomarker-guided therapy in chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of ablation of atrial flutter and supraventricular tachycardia.
Underlying genetic models of inheritance in established type 2 diabetes associations.
Can a wire-guided cannulation technique increase bile duct cannulation rate and prevent post-ERCP pancreatitis?: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery and acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis  of randomized and observational studies.
Homocysteine as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in patients treated by dialysis: a meta-analysis.
High-dose N-acetylcysteine for the prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy.
Assessment of characteristic features and dental anomalies accompanying tooth transposition: a meta-analysis.
Atypical antipsychotic augmentation in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of the REAL-2 and ML17032 trials: evaluating capecitabine-based combination chemotherapy and infused 5-fluorouracil-based combination chemotherapy for the treatment of advanced oesophago-gastric cancer.
Clinical outcome after pedicled segmental pectoralis major island flaps for head  and neck reconstruction.
Linezolid versus vancomycin for MRSA skin and soft tissue infections (systematic  review and meta-analysis).
Hepatitis C virus and lichen planus: a reciprocal association determined by a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of surgical techniques for preventing parotidectomy sequelae.
Preventive antibiotics for infections in acute stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Porous-coated femoral components with or without hydroxyapatite in primary uncemented total hip arthroplasty: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Surgical management of drooling: a meta-analysis.
A common variant in low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 6 gene (LRP6) is associated with LDL-cholesterol.
A meta-analysis of the effect size of rheumatoid arthritis on left ventricular mass: comment on the article by Rudominer et al.
The functional variant rs1048990 in PSMA6 is associated with susceptibility to myocardial infarction in a Chinese population.
Efficacy of rituximab in the setting of steroid-refractory chronic graft-versus-host disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Major depression is a risk factor for low bone mineral density: a meta-analysis.
Antenatal ultrasound to predict postnatal renal function in congenital lower urinary tract obstruction: systematic review of test accuracy.
Meta-analytic moderators of experimental exposure to media portrayals of women on female appearance satisfaction: Social comparisons as automatic processes.
Systematic review of dermoscopy and digital dermoscopy/ artificial intelligence for the diagnosis of melanoma.
Magnetic resonance imaging studies in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia: meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of interferon after curative treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with viral hepatitis.
Systematic review of endoscopic ultrasonography versus endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography for suspected choledocholithiasis.
Is red meat intake a risk factor for breast cancer among premenopausal women?
Fok1 polymorphism of vitamin D receptor gene contributes to breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Low penetrance breast cancer predisposition SNPs are site specific.
Association between NSAIDs use and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of atopic diseases with breast, prostate, and colorectal cancers: a meta-analysis.
Race in ovarian cancer treatment and survival: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Association of folate-pathway gene polymorphisms with the risk of prostate cancer: a population-based nested case-control study, systematic review, and meta-analysis.
The 6q22.33 locus and breast cancer susceptibility.
Sevoflurane versus propofol for myocardial protection in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prehospital triage and direct transport of patients with ST-elevation myocardial  infarction to primary percutaneous coronary intervention centres: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interferon for hepatitis C virus in hemodialysis--an individual patient meta-analysis of factors associated with sustained virological response.
Manufacturers affect clinical results of THA with zirconia heads: a systematic review.
Lifestyle factors and colorectal cancer risk (2): a systematic review and meta-analysis of associations with leisure-time physical activity.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the clinical safety and tolerability of ibuprofen compared with paracetamol in paediatric pain and fever.
A systematic meta-analysis of genetic association studies for diabetic retinopathy.
Association between serum uric acid and development of type 2 diabetes.
The effect of weight reduction interventions for persons with type 2 diabetes: a  meta-analysis from a self-regulation perspective.
The safety of histamine 2 (H2) blockers in pregnancy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of endoscopic submucosal dissection versus endoscopic mucosal resection for tumors of the gastrointestinal tract.
Comparison of the prevalence of bacterial enteropathogens, potentially zoonotic bacteria and bacterial resistance to antimicrobials in organic and conventional poultry, swine and beef production: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Differential effects of venlafaxine in the treatment of major depressive disorder according to baseline severity.
Percutaneous left ventricular assist devices vs. intra-aortic balloon pump counterpulsation for treatment of cardiogenic shock: a meta-analysis of controlled trials.
TRAIL-R1 polymorphisms and cancer susceptibility: an evidence-based meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genetic polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk: variability in associations according to race.
Prognostic significance of SUV on PET/CT in patients with esophageal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic significance of heart failure with preserved left ventricular ejection fraction: a literature-based meta-analysis.
Accuracy of serum uric acid as a predictive test for maternal complications in pre-eclampsia: bivariate meta-analysis and decision analysis.
Meta-analysis of articles evaluating routine intraocular pressure control in monotherapy in the United States and Germany.
Subintimal angioplasty: meta-analytical evidence of clinical utility.
Homocysteine and peripheral arterial disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Plasma fibrinogen and D-dimer concentrations are associated with the presence of  abdominal aortic aneurysm: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of contrast-enhanced MR angiography in severe carotid stenosis: meta-analysis with metaregression of different techniques.
Smoking cessation interventions in COPD: a network meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Bifurcation stenting with drug-eluting stents: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Is the risk of atrial fibrillation higher in athletes than in the general population? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association of the HTRA1 polymorphisms with the risk of age-related macular degeneration.
Meta-analysis shows that prevalence of Epstein-Barr virus-positive gastric cancer differs based on sex and anatomic location.
Material and social incentives to participation in behavioral interventions: a meta-analysis of gender disparities in enrollment and retention in experimental human immunodeficiency virus prevention interventions.
Vitamin K to prevent fractures in older women: systematic review and economic evaluation.
Meta-analysis of randomized, controlled clinical trials in angiogenesis: gene and cell therapy in peripheral arterial disease.
Oral contraceptives and colorectal cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
XRCC1 gene polymorphisms and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma risk in Chinese population: A meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Meta-analysis of recent studies on patients admitted to hospital due to adverse drug effects.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing botulinum toxin injection with lateral internal sphincterotomy for chronic anal fissure.
Design characteristics that influence attrition in geriatric antidepressant trials: meta-analysis.
Pharmacotherapy of adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): a meta-analysis.
The effects of green tea on weight loss and weight maintenance: a meta-analysis.
Circulating lipoprotein(a) concentrations and abdominal aortic aneurysm presence.
Circulating matrix metalloproteinase-9 concentrations and abdominal aortic aneurysm presence: a meta-analysis.
Sleep in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: meta-analysis of subjective and objective studies.
Meta-analysis: treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children  with comorbid tic disorders.
The 'freshman 5': a meta-analysis of weight gain in the freshman year of college.
Intervention effects on college performance and retention as mediated by motivational, emotional, and social control factors: integrated meta-analytic path analyses.
Team-level predictors of innovation at work: a comprehensive meta-analysis spanning three decades of research.
Workplace safety: a meta-analysis of the roles of person and situation factors.
Cementless femoral components in young patients: review and meta-analysis of total hip arthroplasty and hip resurfacing.
Meta-analysis comparing outcomes of fixed-bearing and mobile-bearing prostheses in total knee arthroplasty.
Adding psychotherapy to pharmacotherapy in the treatment of depressive disorders  in adults: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and dosage effect of corticosteroids for the prevention of atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a systematic review.
Smoking, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in men in the Asia Pacific region.
Effects of exercise interventions on body image: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of individual intervention in the controlled multisensory environment (Snoezelen) for individuals with intellectual disability.
CSF phosphorylated tau in the diagnosis and prognosis of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis of 51 studies.
Endoscopic pituitary surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acetylsalicylic acid for the prevention of preeclampsia and intra-uterine growth  restriction in women with abnormal uterine artery Doppler: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Occupational exposure to rock wool and glass wool and risk of cancers of the lung and the head and neck: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of extended-release epidural morphine versus intravenous patient-controlled analgesia on respiratory depression.
Caries-preventive effect of glass ionomer and resin-based fissure sealants on permanent teeth: a meta analysis.
Childhood atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor of the central nervous system: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Candidate genes involved in neural plasticity and the risk for attention-deficit  hyperactivity disorder: a meta-analysis of 8 common variants.
Psychological stress and wound healing in humans: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Erectile function recovery rate after radical prostatectomy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of depression and substance use among individuals with alcohol use  disorders.
Statins for prevention of atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a systematic literature review.
Prognostic value of vascular endothelial growth factor expression in patients with lung cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Tissue factor gene polymorphisms and haplotypes and the risk of ischemic vascular events: four studies and a meta-analysis.
Safety of ruling out acute pulmonary embolism by normal computed tomography pulmonary angiography in patients with an indication for computed tomography: systematic review and meta-analysis.
In search of optimal compression therapy for venous leg ulcers: a meta-analysis of studies comparing diverse [corrected] bandages with specifically designed stockings.
Burden of disease and circulating serotypes of rotavirus infection in sub-Saharan Africa: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rapid screening tests for meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus at hospital  admission: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prescription of anti-influenza drugs for healthy adults: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Baseline quality of life as a prognostic indicator of survival: a meta-analysis of individual patient data from EORTC clinical trials.
Safety and efficacy of the endoscopic modified Lothrop procedure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
beta-Blockers protect against spontaneous bacterial peritonitis in cirrhotic patients: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 polymorphisms and lung cancer risk in Chinese populations: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of platinum plus gemcitabine or vinorelbine in the treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Green tea, black tea consumption and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of ossein-hydroxyapatite complex compared with calcium carbonate to prevent bone loss: a meta-analysis.
CPEO and KSS differ in the percentage and location of the mtDNA deletion.
Inhibin alpha gene and susceptibility to premature ovarian failure: a data synthesis.
A sensory origin for color-word Stroop effects in aging: a meta-analysis.
Laboratory-based and autobiographical retrieval tasks differ substantially in their neural substrates.
A meta-analytic investigation of neurocognitive deficits in bipolar illness: profile and effects of clinical state.
The functional neuroanatomy of reappraisal: time matters.
Discontinuation due to adverse events in randomized trials of orlistat, sibutramine and rimonabant: a meta-analysis.
The effect of early oxytocin augmentation in labor: a meta-analysis.
Fetal fibronectin as a short-term predictor of preterm birth in symptomatic patients: a meta-analysis.
Homocysteine, methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism, and risk of retinal vein occlusion: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of fibromyalgia syndrome with gabapentin and pregabalin--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Impact of growth hormone therapy on adult height of children born small for gestational age.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers in peritoneal dialysis: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Abdominal wall following free TRAM or DIEP flap reconstruction: a meta-analysis and critical review.
Standardized treatment of active tuberculosis in patients with previous treatment and/or with mono-resistance to isoniazid: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Inflammatory markers and poor outcome after stroke: a prospective cohort study and systematic review of interleukin-6.
Effect of duration and intermittency of rifampin on tuberculosis treatment outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychosis as a risk factor for violence to others: a meta-analysis.
Association between genetic polymorphisms in cytokine genes and recurrent miscarriage--a meta-analysis.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and the risk of gynaecological cancer: a systematic review.
Effect of pedometer-based physical activity interventions: a meta-analysis.
Dose-response relationship of inhaled corticosteroids and cataracts: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of hydrotherapy in fibromyalgia syndrome--a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled clinical trials.
Symptoms as mediators of the relationship between neurocognition and functional outcome in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Substance abuse is associated with increased extrapyramidal symptoms in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: prevalence of HIV infection and syphilis among MSM in China.
Cell phones and brain tumors: a review including the long-term epidemiologic data.
Test performance of endobronchial ultrasound and transbronchial needle aspiration biopsy for mediastinal staging in patients with lung cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bivalirudin as compared to unfractionated heparin among patients undergoing coronary angioplasty: A meta-analyis of randomised trials.
Immobilization and the risk of venous thromboembolism. A meta-analysis on epidemiological studies.
The Arg194Trp polymorphism in the X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 gene as a potential risk factor of oral cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of HLA matching and the outcome of unrelated umbilical cord blood transplantation (CBT).
Corticosteroid-free immunosuppression in liver transplantation: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of outcomes.
Nonoperative management of nonvascular grade IV blunt renal trauma in children: meta-analysis and systematic review.
XRCC1 genetic polymorphism Arg399Gln and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
No study left behind: a network meta-analysis in non-small-cell lung cancer demonstrating the importance of considering all relevant data.
Urgent carotid endarterectomy for patients with unstable symptoms: systematic review and meta-analysis of outcomes.
[Inhibition of soy isoflavone intake on bone loss in menopausal women: evaluated  by meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
Three-port versus four-port laparoscopic cholecystectomy: meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
[Association of male infertility with (CAG)n polymorphism of the androgen receptor gene: a meta-analysis].
Budesonide and the risk of pneumonia: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Prevalence of unprotected anal intercourse among HIV-diagnosed MSM in the United  States: a meta-analysis.
Clinical diagnosis of depression in primary care: a meta-analysis.
Use of smokeless tobacco and risk of myocardial infarction and stroke: systematic review with meta-analysis.
Incidental findings on brain magnetic resonance imaging: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Deciphering the impact of common genetic variation on lung cancer risk: a genome-wide association study.
VEGF genetic variability is associated with increased risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.
Excluding venous thromboembolism using point of care D-dimer tests in outpatients: a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Intracoronary autologous bone marrow stem cells transfer for patients with acute  myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Missing data in randomized clinical trials for weight loss: scope of the problem, state of the field, and performance of statistical methods.
Traditional Chinese Medicines in the treatment of hepatocellular cancers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of suicidality in clinical trials of antidepressants in adults: analysis of  proprietary data submitted to US Food and Drug Administration.
Neuraminidase inhibitors for treatment and prophylaxis of influenza in children:  systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Corticosteroids for pain relief in sore throat: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Common variants on chromosome 6p22.1 are associated with schizophrenia.
Associations between hepatitis B virus mutations and the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Sexual abuse and lifetime diagnosis of somatic disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of torture and other potentially traumatic events with mental health  outcomes among populations exposed to mass conflict and displacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: travel and risk for venous thromboembolism.
Quality of care in for-profit and not-for-profit nursing homes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcome of shoulder hemiarthroplasty in acute proximal humeral fractures: a frustrating meta-analysis experience.
Prevalence of alcohol use disorders in schizophrenia--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
How well does CT predict the need for laparotomy in hemodynamically stable patients with penetrating abdominal injury? A review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: incidence of endoscopic gastric and duodenal ulcers in placebo arms of randomized placebo-controlled NSAID trials.
Meta-analysis of the effects of flaxseed interventions on blood lipids.
Azathioprine and 6-mercaptopurine for the prevention of postoperative recurrence  in Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Racial differences in blood pressure response to calcium channel blocker monotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Is low birth weight an antecedent of CKD in later life? A systematic review of observational studies.
The efficacy of Quintero staging system to assess severity of twin-twin transfusion syndrome treated with laser therapy: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Prefrontal activation deficits during episodic memory in schizophrenia.
Thyromental distance measurement--fingers don't rule.
The efficacy of an intraoperative cell saver during cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Clonidine as an adjuvant to local anesthetics for peripheral nerve and plexus blocks: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Prognostic value of brain natriuretic peptide in noncardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Predictors of emesis and recovery agitation with emergency department ketamine sedation: an individual-patient data meta-analysis of 8,282 children.
Predictors of airway and respiratory adverse events with ketamine sedation in the emergency department: an individual-patient data meta-analysis of 8,282 children.
Nanocrystalline silver: a systematic review of randomized trials conducted on burned patients and an evidence-based assessment of potential advantages over older silver formulations.
Does neoadjuvant chemotherapy increase optimal cytoreduction rate in advanced ovarian cancer? Meta-analysis of 21 studies.
Successful complete cure en-bloc resection of large nonpedunculated colonic polyps by endoscopic submucosal dissection: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of cytoreductive surgery with perioperative intraperitoneal chemotherapy for peritoneal carcinomatosis of colorectal origin.
Short versus long duration of antibiotic therapy for bacterial meningitis: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials in children.
Meta-analysis of 41 functional neuroimaging studies of executive function in schizophrenia.
Mortality after endovascular repair of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of patients receiving allogeneic or autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplant in mycosis fungoides and Sézary syndrome.
Role of high-dose chemotherapy and autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation  in primary systemic amyloidosis: a systematic review.
Sterile water injection for labour pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: does lidocaine gel before flexible cystoscopy provide pain relief?
Exclusive breastfeeding and incident atopic dermatitis in childhood: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
The effects of eccentric versus concentric resistance training on muscle strength and mass in healthy adults: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing open and laparoscopic ventral and incisional hernia repair with mesh.
Osteonecrosis of the jaw and use of bisphosphonates in adjuvant breast cancer treatment: a meta-analysis.
CCND1 G870A polymorphism contributes to breast cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Does hormone treatment added to radiotherapy improve outcome in locally advanced  prostate cancer?: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Dose-response meta-analysis of silica and lung cancer.
Clinical impact of sirolimus-eluting stent in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Association of the C677T polymorphism in the MTHFR gene with migraine: a meta-analysis.
Long-term outcomes after catheter ablation of cavo-tricuspid isthmus dependent atrial flutter: a meta-analysis.
Probiotics for the treatment of eczema: a systematic review.
What's new in psoriasis? Analysis of the clinical significance of systematic reviews on psoriasis published in 2007 and 2008.
Risk of lymphoma associated with combination anti-tumor necrosis factor and immunomodulator therapy for the treatment of Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Positioning to prevent or reduce shoulder range of motion impairments after stroke: a meta-analysis.
Results of a meta-analysis comparing the tolerability of lercanidipine and other  dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers.
Risk for nocturnal hypoglycemia with biphasic insulin aspart 30 compared with biphasic human insulin 30 in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
An estimation of the long-term clinical and economic benefits of insulin lispro in Type 1 diabetes in the UK.
Meta-analysis of the association between SNPs in TCF7L2 and type 2 diabetes in East Asian population.
Effect of non-oil-seed pulses on glycaemic control: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled experimental trials in people with and without diabetes.
Glyceryl trinitrate for prevention of pancreatitis after endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials.
Suicide in people with epilepsy: how great is the risk?
Efficacy of N-acetylcysteine in preventing renal injury after heart surgery: a systematic review of randomized trials.
Two British women studies replicated the association between the Val66Met polymorphism in the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and BMI.
An individual patient data meta-analysis of the long-term outcome of randomised studies comparing intravesical mitomycin C versus bacillus Calmette-Guérin for non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer.
Atrial overdrive pacing in sleep apnoea: a meta-analysis.
Risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a  systematic review and a meta-analysis.
[Laparoscopic versus open resection for colorectal cancer: meta-analysis of the chief trials].
Gene expression meta-analysis identifies chromosomal regions involved in ovarian  cancer survival.
Interventions to improve medication adherence among older adults: meta-analysis of adherence outcomes among randomized controlled trials.
Erythropoietin treatment in patients with chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Functional brain imaging of swallowing: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Acupuncture and in vitro fertilization: updated meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the efficacy and safety of combined vitamin C and E supplementation in preeclamptic women.
Periodontal diseases and cardiovascular events: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Aortic valve area: meta-analysis of diagnostic performance of multi-detector computed tomography for aortic valve area measurements as compared to transthoracic echocardiography.
Higher-than-conventional radiation doses in localized prostate cancer treatment:  a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Aspergillus hypersensitivity and allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in patients with bronchial asthma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Image-guided pedicle screw insertion accuracy: a meta-analysis.
Cognitive predictors of unsafe driving in older drivers: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between parenting and delinquency: a meta-analysis.
Behavioral interventions for African Americans to reduce sexual risk of HIV: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
What works better for community-dwelling older people at risk to fall?: a meta-analysis of multifactorial versus physical exercise-alone interventions.
Levosimendan reduces cardiac troponin release after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for adult anxiety disorders in clinical practice: a  meta-analysis of effectiveness studies.
Cerebral protection devices reduce periprocedural strokes during carotid angioplasty and stenting: a systematic review of the current literature.
Meta-analysis used to identify factors associated with the effectiveness of proton pump inhibitors against non-erosive reflux disease.
Chinese herbal medicine modified xiaoyao san for functional dyspepsia: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Blood pressure lowering efficacy of renin inhibitors for primary hypertension: a  Cochrane systematic review.
Local anaesthesia for manipulation of nasal fractures: systematic review.
Laparoscopic vs open pyloromyotomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Volumes of the hippocampus and amygdala in patients with borderline personality disorder: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of venlafaxine compared with tricyclic antidepressants in depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Short and long-term benefits of sirolimus-eluting stent in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Birth weight as a risk factor for breast cancer: a meta-analysis of 18 epidemiological studies.
A meta-analysis of 3,773 patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention or surgery for unprotected left main coronary artery stenosis.
[Meta-analysis for the pooled sensitivity and specificity of anti-human immunodeficiency virus Ab rapid tests].
Immunogenicity and adverse events of avian influenza A H5N1 vaccine in healthy adults: multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis study of glutathione-S-transferases (GSTM1, GSTP1, and GSTT1) gene  polymorphisms and risk of acute myeloid leukemia.
Tuberculosis in liver transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Efficacy of intensified chemotherapy with hematopoietic progenitors in small-cell lung cancer: A meta-analysis of the published literature.
Physician communication and patient adherence to treatment: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of 32 genome-wide linkage studies of schizophrenia.
The risk of upper aero digestive tract cancer associated with smoking, with and without concurrent alcohol consumption.
[Artificial and bioartificial liver support systems for acute and acute-on-chronic liver failure: a meta-analysis].
Value of 18F-FDG-PET/PET-CT in differentiated thyroid carcinoma with radioiodine-negative whole-body scan: a meta-analysis.
Effects of antenatal exposure to magnesium sulfate on neuroprotection and mortality in preterm infants: a meta-analysis.
Does open access in ophthalmology affect how articles are subsequently cited in research?
Depression and low bone mineral density: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Pharmacologic treatment of advanced Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of COMT  inhibitors and MAO-B inhibitors.
Meta-analysis of neurobehavioral outcomes in very preterm and/or very low birth weight children.
MTHFR gene polymorphisms and response to chemotherapy in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
APOE gene polymorphisms and response to statin therapy.
Pharmacologic treatments for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a mixed-treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Schizophrenia and violence: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): gender- and age-related differences in neurocognition.
Youth religiosity and substance use: a meta-analysis from 1995 to 2007.
The effect of increased serotonergic neurotransmission on aggression: a critical  meta-analytical review of preclinical studies.
Survival after radiotherapy in gastric cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transcatheter arterial chemoembolization in combination with radiotherapy for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
High levels of PEEP may improve survival in acute respiratory distress syndrome:  A meta-analysis.
Association between the rs2004640 functional polymorphism of interferon regulatory factor 5 and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Mycophenolate mofetil is as efficacious as, but safer than, cyclophosphamide in the treatment of proliferative lupus nephritis: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Did the introduction of 'dangerousness' and 'risk of harm' criteria in mental health laws increase the incidence of suicide in the United States of America?
A meta-analysis of circumferential fusion versus instrumented posterolateral fusion in the lumbar spine.
Rehabilitation after lumbar disc surgery: an update Cochrane review.
Short-term evaluation of laparoscopy-assisted distal gastrectomy for predictive early gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Chronic exposure to outdoor air pollution and lung function in adults.
The genetics of venous thromboembolism. A meta-analysis involving approximately 120,000 cases and 180,000 controls.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of molecular epidemiological studies of tuberculosis: development of a new tool to aid interpretation.
Evaluation of the United States Department Of Agriculture Northeast Area-wide Tick Control Project by meta-analysis.
High-frequency gastric electrical stimulation for the treatment of gastroparesis: a meta-analysis.
[Chinese medicine for acute upper respiratory tract infection: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials].
[Association between calpain-10 gene polymorphism and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta analysis].
[Meta-analysis on the association of G894T polymorphism in endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene and essential hypertension in Chinese population].
[Incidences of erectile dysfunction and retrograde ejaculation after suprapubic prostatectomy and transurethral resection of the prostate in Chinese men: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis of thymoma-associated systemic lupus erythematosus from 1975 - 2008 worldwide].
[Association of the D358A polymorphism of IL6R gene with type 2 diabetes in Hubei Han Chinese].
Efficacy of killed whole-parasite vaccines in the prevention of leishmaniasis: a  meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the relation between smokeless tobacco and cancer in Europe  and North America.
[Meta-analysis of terlipressin in treatment of hepatorenal syndrome: an update].
Benefits of fish oil supplementation in hyperlipidemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the placebo response in antimuscarinic drug trials for overactive bladder.
Lipoprotein(a) concentration and the risk of coronary heart disease, stroke, and  nonvascular mortality.
Meta-analysis: can Helicobacter pylori eradication treatment reduce the risk for  gastric cancer?
Efficacy and safety of induction therapy with alemtuzumab in kidney transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Sexual transmission of HIV according to viral load and antiretroviral therapy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hyperuricemia and risk of stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis for total serum bilirubin levels.
The DISC locus and schizophrenia: evidence from an association study in a central European sample and from a meta-analysis across different European populations.
Antihypertensives for kidney transplant recipients: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Recurrent cerebral ischemia in medically treated patent foramen ovale: a meta-analysis.
Chronic exposure to outdoor air pollution and diagnosed cardiovascular disease: meta-analysis of three large cross-sectional surveys.
Duration of chemotherapy for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Overdiagnosis in publicly organised mammography screening programmes: systematic  review of incidence trends.
Filaggrin gene defects and risk of developing allergic sensitisation and allergic disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Common genetic variation near the phospholamban gene is associated with cardiac repolarisation: meta-analysis of three genome-wide association studies.
Long-term effects of weight-reducing drugs in hypertensive patients.
Erythropoietin or Darbepoetin for patients with cancer--meta-analysis based on individual patient data.
Therapeutic drug monitoring of antiretrovirals for people with HIV.
Regular treatment with salmeterol and inhaled steroids for chronic asthma: serious adverse events.
Multiple session early psychological interventions for the prevention of post-traumatic stress disorder.
Oral iron supplementation for preventing or treating anaemia among children in malaria-endemic areas.
Chinese herbal medicine for endometriosis.
Milnacipran versus other antidepressive agents for depression.
Therapeutic interventions for symptomatic treatment in Huntington's disease.
Therapeutic interventions for disease progression in Huntington's disease.
Incentive spirometry for prevention of postoperative pulmonary complications in upper abdominal surgery.
Combined DTP-HBV-HIB vaccine versus separately administered DTP-HBV and HIB vaccines for primary prevention of diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, hepatitis B and Haemophilus influenzae B (HIB).
A combination drug of abacavir-lamivudine-zidovudine (Trizivir) for treating HIV  infection and AIDS.
Interventions for previously untreated patients with AIDS-associated non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Anti-angiogenic therapies for metastatic colorectal cancer.
Adjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy for early stage cervical cancer.
Brief interventions for heavy alcohol users admitted to general hospital wards.
Advocacy interventions to reduce or eliminate violence and promote the physical and psychosocial well-being of women who experience intimate partner abuse.
Adjuvant (post-surgery) chemotherapy for early stage epithelial ovarian cancer.
Exercise for depression.
Antiviral agents for treatment of herpes simplex virus infection in neonates.
Valproate preparations for agitation in dementia.
Heparin for the prevention of venous thromboembolism in general medical patients  (excluding stroke and myocardial infarction).
Antihypertensive treatment for kidney transplant recipients.
Methadone maintenance therapy versus no opioid replacement therapy for opioid dependence.
Early trophic feeding for very low birth weight infants.
Elective high frequency oscillatory ventilation versus conventional ventilation for acute pulmonary dysfunction in preterm infants.
Adiponectin levels and risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic variants associated with cardiac structure and function: a meta-analysis  and replication of genome-wide association data.
Modest effect of p53, EGFR and HER-2/neu on prognosis in epithelial ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
A large-scale international meta-analysis of paraoxonase gene polymorphisms in sporadic ALS.
Alcohol as a risk factor for pancreatitis. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effect of antibody therapy for the prevention of severe respiratory syncytial virus infection.
alpha-Adrenoceptor agonists for the treatment of vasovagal syncope: a meta-analysis of worldwide published data.
A meta-analysis of marijuana, cocaine and opiate toxicology study findings among  homicide victims.
Nonpharmacological intervention for agitation in dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of selective defunctioning stoma in low anterior resection].
[Meta-analysis on the correlation of cholecystectomy or cholecystolithiasis to risk of colorectal cancer in Chinese population].
Meta-analysis: yield of diagnostic tests for coeliac disease in dyspepsia.
Meta-analysis: longitudinal studies of serum vitamin D and colorectal cancer risk.
Meta-analysis: the efficacy of azathioprine and mercaptopurine in ulcerative colitis.
Meta-analysis: surveillance with ultrasound for early-stage hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with cirrhosis.
Mortality after catheter ablation for atrial fibrillation compared with antiarrhythmic drug therapy. A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of adverse cardiovascular outcomes associated with antecedent hypertension after myocardial infarction.
Effects of walnut consumption on blood lipids and other cardiovascular risk factors: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Facilitated angioplasty with combo therapy among patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A field synopsis and meta-analysis of genetic association studies in peripheral arterial disease: The CUMAGAS-PAD database.
Efficacy of 5-HT3 antagonists and 5-HT4 agonists in irritable bowel syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alcohol consumption as a risk factor for dementia and cognitive decline: meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Recipient outcomes for expanded criteria living kidney donors: the disconnect between current evidence and practice.
Serotonin receptor antagonists for the prevention and treatment of pruritus, nausea, and vomiting in women undergoing cesarean delivery with intrathecal morphine: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcomes of perioperative beta-blockade in patients undergoing noncardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Long-term safety of methotrexate monotherapy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic literature research.
Efficacy and toxicity of methotrexate (MTX) monotherapy versus MTX combination therapy with non-biological disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs in rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Etanercept therapy in rheumatoid arthritis and the risk of malignancies: a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The safety of anti-tumour necrosis factor treatments in rheumatoid arthritis: meta and exposure-adjusted pooled analyses of serious adverse events.
Sensitivity and specificity of the American College of Rheumatology 1987 criteria for the diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis according to disease duration: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Open mesh techniques for inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The risk of developing arm lymphedema among breast cancer survivors: a meta-analysis of treatment factors.
Postoperative inflammatory reaction and atrial fibrillation: simple correlation or causation?
Individual patient based meta-analysis of lentinan for unresectable/recurrent gastric cancer.
Biological and clinical features in predicting efficacy of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tumour necrosis factor (--308A) polymorphism in very preterm infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analytic evidence for familial coaggregation of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Assessment of the relationship between Helicobacter pylori and lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Obesity and kidney cancer risk in women: a meta-analysis (1992-2008).
Breed differences in dogs sensitivity to human points: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of cognitive-behavioural interventions to reduce problem gambling: hedging our bets?
A global meta-analysis of microarray expression data to predict unknown gene functions and estimate the literature-data divide.
The association between arsenic and children's intelligence: a meta-analysis.
Effects of clinical pathways in the joint replacement: a meta-analysis.
Triple antiplatelet therapy vs. dual antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing  percutaneous coronary intervention: an evidence-based approach to answering a clinical query.
Effect of feedback of treatment outcome in specialist mental healthcare: meta-analysis.
Prenatal risk factors for autism: comprehensive meta-analysis.
Bivariate meta-analysis of sensitivity and specificity of radiographers' plain radiograph reporting in clinical practice.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of prophylactic gastroenterostomy for unresectable advanced pancreatic cancer.
Effects of infiltrating lymphocytes and estrogen receptor on gene expression and  prognosis in breast cancer.
Antioxidant vitamins and the risk of endometrial cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Review and meta-analysis on vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and cancer risk.
Corticosteroid therapy for primary treatment of Kawasaki disease - weight of evidence: a meta-analysis and systematic review of the literature.
The contributions of prefrontal cortex and executive control to deception: evidence from activation likelihood estimate meta-analyses.
PIA1/A2 polymorphism of the platelet glycoprotein receptor IIb/IIIIa and its correlation to cerebrovascular diseases: an appraisal.
Adjunctive low molecular weight heparin during fibrinolytic therapy in acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Efficacy of neurofeedback treatment in ADHD: the effects on inattention, impulsivity and hyperactivity: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of EEG biofeedback in treating epilepsy.
Use of a saline chaser in abdominal computed tomography: a systematic review.
Safety and efficacy of corticosteroids for the treatment of septic shock: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immediate restoration/loading of immediately placed single implants: is it an effective bimodal approach?
Psychoeducational treatment and prevention of depression: the "Coping with Depression" course thirty years later.
Lifestyle factors and colorectal cancer risk (1): systematic review and meta-analysis of associations with body mass index.
Meta-analysis of 200 or 600 mg mifepristone in association with two prostaglandins for termination of early pregnancy.
Impact of catheter-related bloodstream infections on the mortality of critically  ill patients: a meta-analysis.
Safety and tolerability of brimonidine purite 0.1% and brimonidine purite 0.15%:  a meta-analysis of two phase 3 studies.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage studies of atopic dermatitis.
Polymorphisms of thymidylate synthase in the 5'- and 3'-untranslated regions and  gastric cancer.
Meta-analysis on drugs in people with eating disorders.
Does microsatellite instability predict the efficacy of adjuvant chemotherapy in  colorectal cancer? A systematic review with meta-analysis.
MDM2 309 T/G polymorphism is associated with lung cancer risk among Asians.
Time- and dose-dependent effect of psyllium on serum lipids in mild-to-moderate hypercholesterolemia: a meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of the prognostic significance of atrial fibrillation in chronic  heart failure.
Is elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein in the second trimester of pregnancy associated with increased preterm birth risk? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open myomectomy--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
CA 125, PET alone, PET-CT, CT and MRI in diagnosing recurrent ovarian carcinoma:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diet, fluid, or supplements for secondary prevention of nephrolithiasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A functional polymorphism in the promoter region of GSTM1 implies a complex role  for GSTM1 in breast cancer.
A meta-analysis of the route of administration of luteal phase support in assisted reproductive technology: vaginal versus intramuscular progesterone.
The effect of surgical treatment for endometrioma on in vitro fertilization outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Factor V Leiden and thrombosis in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Effect of prophylactic lamivudine for chemotherapy-associated hepatitis B reactivation in lymphoma: a meta-analysis of published clinical trials and a decision tree addressing prolonged prophylaxis and maintenance.
Emotional distress following genetic testing for hereditary breast and ovarian cancer: a meta-analytic review.
Systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis of diagnosis of heart failure, with modelling of implications of different diagnostic strategies in primary care.
Are proton pump inhibitors really superior to famotidine in Japanese ulcer patients?
The T-381C SNP in BNP gene may be modestly associated with type 2 diabetes: an updated meta-analysis in 49 279 subjects.
Relapse rates with long-term antidepressant drug therapy: a meta-analysis.
Effects of soy protein and isoflavones on circulating hormone concentrations in pre- and post-menopausal women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of aspiration thrombectomy on mortality in patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of the randomized trials.
Immediate loading with single implant crowns: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cuff-leak test for the diagnosis of upper airway obstruction in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of obesity on outcomes after critical illness: a meta-analysis.
Aprotinin increases mortality as compared with tranexamic acid in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized head-to-head trials.
Music-assisted relaxation to improve sleep quality: meta-analysis.
Antibiotics versus placebo or watchful waiting for acute otitis media: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A comparison of regional and general anaesthesia for total replacement of the hip or knee: a meta-analysis.
Survival and clinical function of cemented and uncemented prostheses in total knee replacement: a meta-analysis.
Research review: The relationship between childhood violence exposure and juvenile antisocial behavior: a meta-analytic review.
Effects of probiotics for the prevention and treatment of radiation-induced diarrhea.
Effect of glucose-insulin-potassium infusion on mortality in critical care settings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Outcomes of nonsurgical retreatment and endodontic surgery: a systematic review.
Development of thyroid diseases in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C with alpha-interferon may be a good prognosticator in achieving a sustained virological response: a meta-analysis.
Effects of vicarious punishment: a meta-analysis.
Cognitive behavioural therapy and reminiscence techniques for the treatment of depression in the elderly: a systematic review.
Ecological meta-analysis of density-dependent processes in the transmission of lymphatic filariasis: survival of infected vectors.
Prevalence and age of onset of Parkinson's disease in Cardiff: a community based  cross sectional study and meta-analysis.
Evaluating the affective component of the cerebellar cognitive affective syndrome.
Gamma nails revisited: gamma nails versus compression hip screws in the management of intertrochanteric fractures of the hip: a meta-analysis.
Minimally invasive hip fracture surgery: are outcomes better?
Understanding and using the Implicit Association Test: III. Meta-analysis of predictive validity.
Testosterone and depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacological interventions for the prevention of relapse in bipolar disorder:  a systematic review of controlled trials.
Efficacy, tolerability and side-effect profile of fluvoxamine for major depression: meta-analysis.
Cognitive-behavioral treatment with adult alcohol and illicit drug users: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The relative renal safety of iodixanol compared with low-osmolar contrast media:  a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Virological monitoring and resistance to first-line highly active antiretroviral  therapy in adults infected with HIV-1 treated under WHO guidelines: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Changes in case fatality of aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage over time, according to age, sex, and region: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of esthesioneuroblastoma: a 16-year meta-analysis of 361 patients.
Fcgamma receptor IIB and IIIB polymorphisms and susceptibility to systemic lupus  erythematosus and lupus nephritis: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 Arg399Gln, Arg194Trp and Arg280His polymorphisms in breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of linkage studies for Alzheimer's disease--a web resource.
Event-related fMRI studies of episodic encoding and retrieval: meta-analyses using activation likelihood estimation.
Cognitive functioning in Alzheimer's and vascular dementia: a meta-analysis.
Is the mirror neuron system involved in imitation? A short review and meta-analysis.
Endothelial NO synthase gene polymorphisms and risk of ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Performance alterations associated with occupational exposure to manganese--a meta-analysis.
Exposure-response relationship of the association between aircraft noise and the  risk of hypertension.
A meta-analysis of interventions to promote mammography among ethnic minority women.
Effect of calcium from dairy and dietary supplements on faecal fat excretion: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Tocolytic therapy: a meta-analysis and decision analysis.
Meta-analysis of medical intervention for normal tension glaucoma.
Risk of second malignant neoplasms among childhood cancer survivors treated with  radiotherapy: meta-analysis of nine epidemiological studies.
Meta-analysis of trials of streptococcal throat treatment programs to prevent rheumatic fever.
Efficacy of botulinum toxin type A for the prophylaxis of episodic migraine headaches: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials.
Advice as a smoking cessation strategy: a systematic review and implications for  physical therapists.
Adding pioglitazone to insulin containing regimens in type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rethinking environmental contributions to child and adolescent psychopathology: a meta-analysis of shared environmental influences.
A meta-analytic investigation of the relationship between attentional bias and subjective craving in substance abuse.
Feeling validated versus being correct: a meta-analysis of selective exposure to  information.
Perceived discrimination and health: a meta-analytic review.
The efficacy and safety of tiotropium in Chinese patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Safety of medium- to long-term glucocorticoid therapy in rheumatoid arthritis: a  meta-analysis.
The efficacy of complementary and alternative medicine in the treatment of Raynaud's phenomenon: a literature review and meta-analysis.
Dropout rates in randomized clinical trials of antipsychotics: a meta-analysis comparing first- and second-generation drugs and an examination of the role of trial design features.
Cortical dopamine D2/D3 receptors are a common site of action for antipsychotic drugs--an original patient data meta-analysis of the SPECT and PET in vivo receptor imaging literature.
The relationship between the rate of homicide by those with schizophrenia and the overall homicide rate: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
BDNF is not associated with schizophrenia: data from a Japanese population study  and meta-analysis.
Depression and anxiety in labor migrants and refugees--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of task-oriented circuit class training on walking competency after stroke: a systematic review.
Association between antioxidant vitamins and asthma outcome measures: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Safety of continuing warfarin therapy during cataract surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness of drug-eluting stents in a US Medicare setting:a cost-utility analysis with 3-year clinical follow-up data.
[Meta-analysis on acupuncture for treatment of depression in patients of poststroke].
[A meta-analysis of nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation in treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants].
The benefits of statins in people without established cardiovascular disease but  with cardiovascular risk factors: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Safety and efficacy of drug-eluting and bare metal stents: comprehensive meta-analysis of randomized trials and observational studies.
Antifungal treatment for invasive Candida infections: a mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Functional organization of the human anterior insular cortex.
Estimating the incidence of symptomatic rotavirus infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
IGF-I and IGFBP-3 and the risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis based on nested case-control studies.
The impact of selecting a high hemoglobin target level on health-related quality  of life for patients with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic factors in adult patients up to 60 years old with acute myeloid leukemia and translocations of chromosome band 11q23: individual patient data-based meta-analysis of the German Acute Myeloid Leukemia Intergroup.
Atosiban versus betamimetics in the treatment of preterm labour in Germany: an economic evaluation.
Interaction between the serotonin transporter gene (5-HTTLPR), stressful life events, and risk of depression: a meta-analysis.
Epilepsy in onchocerciasis endemic areas: systematic review and meta-analysis of  population-based surveys.
[Meta-analysis of alendronate preventing hip fracture risk of postmenopausal women].
Birth weight, early weight gain, and subsequent risk of type 1 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of Tai Chi for chronic musculoskeletal pain conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of hepatitis B virus infection on the progression of AIDS and mortality in HIV-infected individuals: a cohort study and meta-analysis.
Effects of interferon alpha treatment on recurrence and survival after complete resection or ablation of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Preoperative chemoradiation versus radiation alone for stage II and III resectable rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mitochondrial DNA G8363A mutation in the tRNA Lys gene: clinical, biochemical and pathological study.
Orthotopic liver transplantation: T-tube or not T-tube? Systematic review and meta-analysis of results.
Progesterone for the prevention of preterm birth in twin pregnancy (STOPPIT): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study and meta-analysis.
Pooled analysis of individual patient-level data from all randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of darbepoetin alfa in the treatment of patients with chemotherapy-induced anemia.
Corticosteroids in the treatment of severe sepsis and septic shock in adults: a systematic review.
Allogeneic stem cell transplantation for acute myeloid leukemia in first complete remission: systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective clinical trials.
Effects of prenatal multimicronutrient supplementation on pregnancy outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Mortality of patients lost to follow-up in antiretroviral treatment programmes in resource-limited settings: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of fluoroquinolones versus other antibiotics for treating enteric fever: meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: beta-blocker dose, heart rate reduction, and death in patients with heart failure.
[A meta-analysis of interferon-beta in the secondary progressive multiple sclerosis].
Should tourniquets be used in upper limb surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Augmentation of clozapine with a second antipsychotic--a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled studies.
Substance use and misuse in the aftermath of terrorism. A Bayesian meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of fluorescence in situ hybridization and cytology for diagnosis of bladder cancer].
Meta-analysis of health and demographic correlates of stigma towards people living with HIV.
Effectiveness of peer education interventions for HIV prevention in developing countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of MRI, MR arthrography, and ultrasound in the diagnosis of rotator cuff tears: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: octreotide prevents post-ERCP pancreatitis, but only at sufficient doses.
Omega 3 and 6 oils for primary prevention of allergic disease: systematic review  and meta-analysis.
The effect of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on urine  protein excretion and kidney function: meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials comparing open and laparoscopic anti-reflux surgery.
The safety of proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) in pregnancy: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of esophageal capsule endoscopy for Barrett's esophagus in patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Long-term risk of mortality and other adverse outcomes after acute kidney injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comprehensive meta-analysis on drug-eluting stents versus bare-metal stents during extended follow-up.
Effects of surgical weight loss on measures of obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
After-school program impact on physical activity and fitness: a meta-analysis.
Antibiotic prophylaxis is not protective in severe acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risks and side-effects of intrathecal morphine combined with spinal anaesthesia:  a meta-analysis.
The effect of ranitidine versus proton pump inhibitors on gastric secretions: a meta-analysis of randomised control trials.
Meta-analysis on the effect of dopexamine on in-hospital mortality.
Sex-specific differences in allergic sensitization to house dust mites: a meta-analysis.
Testing the druggable endothelial differentiation gene 2 knee osteoarthritis genetic factor for replication in a wide range of sample collections.
Needlescopic versus laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis.
Computer-aided detection mammography for breast cancer screening: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Corticosteroids vs corticosteroids plus antiviral agents in the treatment of Bell palsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Large-scale analysis of association between GDF5 and FRZB variants and osteoarthritis of the hip, knee, and hand.
Alcohol consumption and the prevalence of metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis of  observational studies.
The somatotopy of speech: phonation and articulation in the human motor cortex.
XRCC1 gene polymorphisms and breast cancer risk in different populations: a meta-analysis.
Population pharmacokinetics meta-analysis of plitidepsin (Aplidin) in cancer subjects.
A meta-analysis of acupuncture combined with opioid receptor agonists for treatment of opiate-withdrawal symptoms.
Association of blood lipids with common DNA sequence variants at 19 genetic loci  in the multiethnic United States National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III.
A comparison of abciximab and small-molecule glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in  patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of contemporary randomized controlled trials.
Vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene polymorphisms and Graves' disease: a meta-analysis.
Gender as a risk factor for advanced neoplasia and colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cigarette smoking and the risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Early angiography in patients with chronic kidney disease: a collaborative systematic review.
Prebiotic supplementation of formula in preterm neonates: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Impact of implant support for mandibular dentures on satisfaction, oral and general health-related quality of life: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled  trials.
The prevalence of child sexual abuse in community and student samples: a meta-analysis.
Augmentation therapy for alpha1 antitrypsin deficiency: a meta-analysis.
Does perioperative hemodynamic optimization protect renal function in surgical patients? A meta-analytic study.
A systematic review on clinical benefits of continuous administration of beta-lactam antibiotics.
Association of C-reactive protein with type 2 diabetes: prospective analysis and  meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of sulfasalazine in comparison with 5-aminosalicylates in the induction of improvement and maintenance of remission in patients with ulcerative colitis.
Long-term seizure outcome of surgery versus no surgery for drug-resistant partial epilepsy: a review of controlled studies.
To treat or not to treat? A meta-analysis of the use of cholinesterase inhibitors in mild cognitive impairment for delaying progression to Alzheimer's disease.
Maternal smoking during pregnancy and testicular cancer in the sons: a nested case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Tracheal rupture after endotracheal intubation: a literature systematic review.
Telehealth interventions for the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease:  a systematic review.
Does the use of probiotics/synbiotics prevent postoperative infections in patients undergoing abdominal surgery? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of  randomized clinical trials.
Adjunctive dexamethasone therapy for bacterial meningitis in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Genetically based impairment in CYP2C8- and CYP2C9-dependent NSAID metabolism as  a risk factor for gastrointestinal bleeding: is a combination of pharmacogenomics and metabolomics required to improve personalized medicine?
Impact of blastocyst transfer on offspring sex ratio and the monozygotic twinning rate: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of ATG16L1 and IRGM genes polymorphisms with inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis approach.
CD14 C-260T gene polymorphism and ischemic heart disease susceptibility: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Highly purified hMG achieves better pregnancy rates in IVF cycles but not ICSI cycles compared with recombinant FSH: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomised trials comparing the effectiveness of miniaturised versus conventional cardiopulmonary bypass in adult cardiac surgery.
Ultrasound tests of ovarian reserve; a systematic review of accuracy in predicting fertility outcomes.
ATG16L1 T300A polymorphism and Crohn's disease susceptibility: evidence from 13,022 cases and 17,532 controls.
Infants' responsiveness to pictorial depth cues in preferential-reaching studies: a meta-analysis.
The effect of education and home safety equipment on childhood thermal injury prevention: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Birth weight and childhood leukemia: a meta-analysis and review of the current evidence.
ACEI/ARB therapy for IgA nephropathy: a meta analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Acupuncture for Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing chemotherapy plus bevacizumab with chemotherapy alone in metastatic colorectal cancer.
Functional outcome measures in contemporary stroke trials.
Computer navigation in total hip replacement: a meta-analysis.
Corticosteroids to prevent extubation failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Amygdala volumes in mood disorders--meta-analysis of magnetic resonance volumetry studies.
Meta-analysis of filaggrin polymorphisms in eczema and asthma: robust risk factors in atopic disease.
Continuous arterial pressure waveform-based cardiac output using the FloTrac/Vigileo: a review and meta-analysis.
Treatment-emergent sexual dysfunction related to antidepressants: a meta-analysis.
Computer-assisted learning in orthodontic education: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Infragenicular stent implantation for below-the-knee atherosclerotic disease: clinical evidence from an international collaborative meta-analysis on 640 patients.
Anti-inflammatory effect of aprotinin: a meta-analysis.
Investigation of the SPINK1 N34S mutation in Romanian patients with alcoholic chronic pancreatitis. A clinical analysis based on the criteria of the M-ANNHEIM  classification.
Hepatitis C virus genotype 1b as a risk factor for hepatocellular carcinoma development: a meta-analysis.
Calcium channel blockers and cardiovascular outcomes: a meta-analysis of 175,634  patients.
Review of recent genome-wide association scans in lupus.
Probiotic safety in pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, and Saccharomyces spp.
Is intranasal zinc effective and safe for the common cold? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sleep duration and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
VKORC1 genetic polymorphism and risk of venous thromboembolism in postmenopausal  women: new findings and meta-analysis.
Neurological complications after left subclavian artery coverage during thoracic  endovascular aortic repair: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Flavonoids intake and risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk of gastrointestinal perforation in patients with cancer treated with bevacizumab: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the adverse effects of thyroidectomy combined with central neck dissection as compared with thyroidectomy alone.
Balance capabilities after lateral ankle trauma and intervention: a meta-analysis.
Clinical outcomes of dialysis patients after implantation of DES: meta analysis and systematic review of literature.
Pediatric ependymoma: biological perspectives.
Unilateral multicystic dysplastic kidney: a meta-analysis of observational studies on the incidence, associated urinary tract malformations and the contralateral kidney.
Increasing smoking cessation care provision in hospitals: a meta-analysis of intervention effect.
Association between impaired glucose tolerance and carotid atherosclerosis: a study in 64-year-old women and a meta-analysis.
A review and meta-analysis of the effect of weight loss on all-cause mortality risk.
The impact of garlic on lipid parameters: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic thrombophilias and intrauterine growth restriction: a meta-analysis.
Updated systematic review of tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy for treatment of pediatric obstructive sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome.
How effective are patient-based educational interventions in the management of cancer pain? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of pneumococcal vaccination in children younger than 24 months: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of therapeutic management of upper-limb dysfunction in children with congenital hemiplegia.
TNF-alpha-308 G/A polymorphism and responsiveness to TNF-alpha blockade therapy in moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association scan meta-analysis identifies three Loci influencing adiposity and fat distribution.
Meta-analysis of 28,141 individuals identifies common variants within five new loci that influence uric acid concentrations.
Noninvasive positive pressure ventilation: effect on mortality in acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema: a pragmatic meta-analysis.
Working memory in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Mindfulness-based stress reduction and cancer: a meta-analysis.
Myocardial infarction after percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of troponin elevation applying the new universal definition.
[Effect of intensive treatment with atorvastatin versus standard doses of statins on the risk of stroke. A meta-analysis from five randomized trials including 25,709 patients].
Health effects of exposure to carbon nanofibers: systematic review, critical appraisal, meta analysis and research to practice perspectives.
Impact of perinatal corticosteroids on neuromotor development and outcome: review of the literature and new meta-analysis.
Is noninvasive pressure support ventilation as effective and safe as continuous positive airway pressure in cardiogenic pulmonary oedema?
Hyperglycemia and clinical outcome in aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of skin adhesives versus sutures in closure of laparoscopic port-site wounds.
HIV prevalence and mortality among children undergoing treatment for severe acute malnutrition in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tacrolimus versus cyclosporine for adult lung transplant recipients: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of aerobic exercise interventions for women with breast cancer.
[The influence of intensive insulin therapy on the mortality of critically ill patients in intensive care unit: a meta-analysis].
[Systematic evaluation of the randomized controlled trials about acupuncture and  moxibustion treatment of allergic rhinitis].
[Vasectomy not associated with prostate cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Effect of c-kit mutation on the prognosis of gastrointestinal stromal tumors: a  meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis on birth defects in both in vitro fertilization-embryo transfer  infants and the naturally conceived children].
Aspirin in the primary and secondary prevention of vascular disease: collaborative meta-analysis of individual participant data from randomised trials.
JAK2V617F mutation for the early diagnosis of Ph- myeloproliferative neoplasms in patients with venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis.
Benefits and harms of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents for anemia related to cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effects of Web- and computer-based smoking cessation programs: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus after gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of intensive control of glucose on cardiovascular outcomes and death in patients with diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Honey in the treatment of burns: a systematic review and meta-analysis of its efficacy.
Use of non-invasive ventilation to wean critically ill adults off invasive ventilation: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Direct susceptibility testing for multi drug resistant tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized trials on safety and efficacy of video-assisted thoracic surgery lobectomy for early-stage  non-small-cell lung cancer.
Cardiorespiratory fitness as a quantitative predictor of all-cause mortality and  cardiovascular events in healthy men and women: a meta-analysis.
Trace elements in hemodialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of blood pressure lowering drugs in the prevention of cardiovascular disease: meta-analysis of 147 randomised trials in the context of expectations from prospective epidemiological studies.
Early ERCP in acute gallstone pancreatitis without cholangitis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: Antibiotic prophylaxis in elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Meta-analysis: Nitroglycerin for prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis.
Evaluating the impact of study-level factors on warfarin control in U.S.-based primary studies: a meta-analysis.
Cigarette smoking and colorectal cancer incidence and mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Circulating insulin-like growth factor peptides and prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neuron-specific enolase is unaltered whereas S100B is elevated in serum of patients with schizophrenia--original research and meta-analysis.
Percutaneous treatment of vertebral compression fractures: a meta-analysis of complications.
Sodium bicarbonate-based hydration prevents contrast-induced nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Aspirin for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with peripheral artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of percutaneous radiofrequency ablation versus ethanol injection in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Reducing stillbirths: interventions during labour.
Efficacy of beta-adrenergic blocker plus 5-isosorbide mononitrate and endoscopic  band ligation for prophylaxis of esophageal variceal rebleeding: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic role of vascular endothelial growth factor in hepatocellular carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of drug-eluting stents in acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Benefits from small molecule administration as compared with abciximab among patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction treated with primary angioplasty: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association and meta-analysis of bipolar disorder in individuals of European ancestry.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of evidence for correlation between molecular markers of parasite resistance and treatment outcome in falciparum malaria.
Recombinant human erythropoiesis-stimulating agents and mortality in patients with cancer: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Breast cancer sentinel node identification and classification after neoadjuvant chemotherapy-systematic review and meta analysis.
[Personality disorder screening: a meta-analysis].
Collateral reports in the college setting: a meta-analytic integration.
The relation of alpha-linolenic acid to the risk of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of animal fat or animal protein intake and colorectal cancer.
Mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis of complex interventions: psychological  interventions in coronary heart disease.
Multilocus Bayesian meta-analysis of gene-disease associations.
Impact of sitagliptin on markers of beta-cell function: a meta-analysis.
Motor impairments in children associated with impairments of speech or language:  a meta-analytic review of research literature.
Does a higher positive end expiratory pressure decrease mortality in acute respiratory distress syndrome? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of non-ergot dopamine agonists on health-related quality of life of patients with restless legs syndrome.
Accuracy of endoscopic ultrasound to diagnose nodal invasion by rectal cancers: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Adjuvant radiotherapy for thymic epithelial tumors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
What is the evidence on efficacy of spinal cord stimulation in (subgroups of) patients with critical limb ischemia?
Microsatellite instability does not predict the efficacy of chemotherapy in metastatic colorectal cancer. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
TP53 codon 72 polymorphism contributes to nasopharyngeal cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of impaired vocal cord mobility as a prognostic factor in T2 glottic carcinoma.
Confirmation of STAT4, IL2/IL21, and CTLA4 polymorphisms in rheumatoid arthritis.
The PRL -1149 G/T polymorphism and rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility.
The effectiveness of intervention on the behavior of individuals with autism: a meta-analysis using percentage of data points exceeding the median of baseline phase (PEM).
The global prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of long-term intervention of soy isoflavones on bone mineral density in women: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Beneficial and harmful effects of anthracyclines in the treatment of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Integrating the theory of planned behaviour and self-determination theory in health behaviour: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of defunctioning stomas in low anterior resection for rectal cancer.
Psychological stress and antibody response to influenza vaccination: a meta-analysis.
Adverse psychosocial factors predict poorer prognosis in HIV disease: a meta-analytic review of prospective investigations.
Polymorphism of XRCC1 (at codon 399) and susceptibility to breast cancer, a meta-analysis of the literatures.
The effect of provider case volume on cancer mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Updating the evidence-base for suctioning adult patients: a systematic review.
Gemcitabine-based doublets versus single-agent therapy for elderly patients with  advanced nonsmall cell lung cancer: a Literature-based Meta-analysis.
Socioeconomic differences in lung cancer incidence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
p16(INK4a) immunostaining in cytological and histological specimens from the uterine cervix: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nicorandil treatment in patients with acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Lessons from ximelagatran: issues for future studies evaluating new oral direct thrombin inhibitors for venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in orthopedic surgery.
The effects of metformin on endogenous androgens and SHBG in women: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Risk of neurological decompression sickness in the diver with a right-to-left shunt: literature review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the survival and complication rates of implant supported fixed dental prostheses with cantilever extensions after an observation period of at least 5 years.
The effect of activated charcoal on drug exposure in healthy volunteers: a meta-analysis.
Safety of botulinum toxin type A among children with spasticity secondary to cerebral palsy: a systematic review of randomized clinical trials.
Efficacy of clodronate, pamidronate, and zoledronate in reducing morbidity and mortality in cancer patients with bone metastasis: a meta-analysis of randomized  clinical trials.
Enhanced recovery in colorectal resections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of anemia on the prognosis of chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis and systemic review.
Use of corticosteroids in acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exogenous melatonin for sleep problems in individuals with intellectual disability: a meta-analysis.
Parental involvement in middle school: a meta-analytic assessment of the strategies that promote achievement.
Influence of fat and carbohydrate proportions on the metabolic profile in patients with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The effect of plant sterols or stanols on lipid parameters in patients with type  2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of brief alcohol interventions in primary care settings: a systematic review.
Prevalence of type 2 diabetes in the Islamic Republic of Iran: systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Late-night salivary cortisol for the diagnosis of Cushing syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Seasonality of cryptosporidiosis: A meta-analysis approach.
Amiodarone for the prevention of sudden cardiac death: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy-alcohol septal ablation vs. myectomy: a meta-analysis.
MTHFR C677T polymorphism contributes to prostate cancer risk among Caucasians: A  meta-analysis of 3511 cases and 2762 controls.
Glutathione S-transferase P1 gene polymorphism associated with gastric cancer among Caucasians.
Endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspiration for staging of lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Total abdominal hysterectomy versus total laparoscopic hysterectomy for benign disease: a meta-analysis.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily insulin injections in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of cardiac electrophysiology computational models.
Transcatheter arterial chemoembolization combined with or without Chinese herbal  therapy for hepatocellular carcinoma: meta-analysis.
Diagnostic yield of methylene blue chromoendoscopy for detecting specialized intestinal metaplasia and dysplasia in Barrett's esophagus: a meta-analysis.
Gene prioritization based on biological plausibility over genome wide association studies renders new loci associated with type 2 diabetes.
Hematopoietic growth factors in aplastic anemia patients treated with immunosuppressive therapy-systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accreditation at a crossroads: are we on the right track?
Posttraumatic stress disorder in parents of children with chronic illnesses: a meta-analysis.
FAS -1,377 G/A polymorphism is associated with cancer susceptibility: evidence from 10,564 cases and 12,075 controls.
Lafora progressive myoclonus epilepsy: a meta-analysis of reported mutations in the first decade following the discovery of the EPM2A and NHLRC1 genes.
Adiponectin levels in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Intrauterine insemination.
The efficacy of psychological interventions for infertile patients: a meta-analysis examining mental health and pregnancy rate.
Cardiovascular protection with antihypertensive drugs in dialysis patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs vs. opioids for SWL using modern electromagnetic lithotripters.
Valsartan vs. other angiotensin II receptor blockers in the treatment of hypertension: a meta-analytical approach.
Sham feed or sham? A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials assessing the effect of gum chewing on gut function after elective colorectal surgery.
Loop ileostomy versus loop colostomy for fecal diversion after colorectal or coloanal anastomosis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of medical treatment and placebo treatment for preventing postoperative recurrence in Crohn's disease (CD).
A review of anticoagulation intensity and outcomes among patients prescribed oral anticoagulant therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anxiety does not predict response to antidepressant treatment in late life depression: results of a meta-analysis.
Genomewide linkage scans for ocular refraction and meta-analysis of four populations in the Myopia Family Study.
Mindfulness-based stress reduction for stress management in healthy people: a review and meta-analysis.
Almonds have a neutral effect on serum lipid profiles: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Resistance is futile: but it is slowing the pace of EHR adoption nonetheless.
Pseudonormal mitral filling is associated with similarly poor prognosis as restrictive filling in patients with heart failure and coronary heart disease: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
IVF/ICSI with or without preimplantation genetic screening for aneuploidy in couples without genetic disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Heart failure due to systolic dysfunction and mortality in diabetes: pooled analysis of 39,505 subjects.
Meta-analysis of Early Intensive Behavioral Intervention for children with autism.
Enhancing well-being and alleviating depressive symptoms with positive psychology interventions: a practice-friendly meta-analysis.
Single site meta-analysis of 6% hydrogen peroxide whitening strip effectiveness and safety over 2 weeks.
Topical calcineurin inhibitors in atopic dermatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tea consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Obesity and mammography: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
How complete is the evidence for thromboembolism prophylaxis in general medicine  patients? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Telmisartan versus angiotension-converting enzyme inhibitors in the treatment of  hypertension: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Angiotensin II receptor blockers and myocardial infarction: an updated analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Ezetimibe monotherapy for cholesterol lowering in 2,722 people: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Working memory, short-term memory, and reading disabilities: a selective meta-analysis of the literature.
Proton pump inhibitors for the prevention of stress-related mucosal disease in critically-ill patients: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for persistent problems following whiplash injury: results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the postnatal management of congenital cystic lung lesions.
Early interventions involving parents to improve neurodevelopmental outcomes of premature infants: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of pulsed electromagnetic field therapy in the management of osteoarthritis of the knee: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate supplementation during resistance training on strength, body composition, and muscle damage in trained and untrained young men: a meta-analysis.
Impact of duration of clopidogrel prescription on outcome of DES as compared to BMS in primary angioplasty: a meta-regression analysis of randomized trials.
Nonmaturation of arm arteriovenous fistulas for hemodialysis access: A systematic review of risk factors and results of early treatment.
Lipid management in the prevention of stroke: review and updated meta-analysis of statins for stroke prevention.
Corticosteroid administration and outcome of adolescents and adults with acute bacterial meningitis: a meta-analysis.
Ankle instability is associated with balance impairments: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of the efficacy of pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy in treatment of combat-related post-traumatic stress disorder: a meta-analytic review of outcome  studies.
Meta analysis on the association between FcgammaRIIa-R/H131 polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus.
[A meta-analysis of neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with trastuzumab for HER2-positive breast cancers].
Neurocognition in first-episode schizophrenia: a meta-analytic review.
Meta-analysis of quality-of-life outcomes from physical activity interventions.
Long-term effectiveness of diet-plus-exercise interventions vs. diet-only interventions for weight loss: a meta-analysis.
Levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system and endometrial ablation in heavy menstrual bleeding: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Antiphospholipid syndrome and retinal vein occlusion. Meta-analysis of Published Studies].
Symptom-specific outcomes of endoscopic sinus surgery: a systematic review.
Dopamine agonists in the treatment of early Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
A clinical study of Sotos syndrome patients with review of the literature.
Unrelated umbilical cord blood transplantation and unrelated bone marrow transplantation in children with hematological disease: a meta-analysis.
Host cell factors in HIV replication: meta-analysis of genome-wide studies.
Mechanisms of masked priming: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between eating disorder not otherwise specified (EDNOS) and officially recognized eating disorders: meta-analysis and implications for DSM.
Carotid artery stenosis: accuracy of noninvasive tests--individual patient data meta-analysis.
Severity of illness and risk of readmission to intensive care: a meta-analysis.
Analgesic effects of treatments for non-specific low back pain: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled randomized trials.
Bevacizumab for ocular neovascular diseases: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of association between genetic variants in COMT and schizophrenia:  an update.
The effects of exercise interventions on quality of life in clinical and healthy  populations; a meta-analysis.
Sex differences in the use of intravenous rt-PA thrombolysis treatment for acute  ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Do common prothrombotic mutations influence the risk of cerebral ischaemia in patients with patent foramen ovale? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Second primary malignancy risk after radioactive iodine treatment for thyroid cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety of ultrasonography in pregnancy: WHO systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Can laboratory tests predict the prognosis of patients after endovascular aneurysm repair? Current status and future directions.
[Meta-analysis on peginterferon plus ribavirin in treatment of hepatitis C virus  genotype 1 or 4 infection in HIV patients].
Association between the NBS1 E185Q polymorphism and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Single-embryo transfer reduces clinical pregnancy rates and live births in fresh  IVF and Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI) cycles: a meta-analysis.
Benzodiazepine use and driving: a meta-analysis.
Mycoplasma pneumoniae vaccine protective efficacy and adverse reactions--Systematic review and meta-analysis.
HLA-DQ, DR allele polymorphism of type 1 diabetes in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis.
Four layer bandage compared with short stretch bandage for venous leg ulcers: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials with data from individual patients.
Meta-analysis of interventions to increase physical activity among cardiac subjects.
Impact of axillary lymph node dissection on breast cancer outcome in clinically node negative patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Animal derived surfactant extract for treatment of respiratory distress syndrome.
Workplace interventions for preventing work disability.
Regular treatment with formoterol and inhaled steroids for chronic asthma: serious adverse events.
Pain control in first trimester surgical abortion.
Culture-specific programs for children and adults from minority groups who have asthma.
Interventions for improving adherence to ocular hypotensive therapy.
Sertraline versus other antidepressive agents for depression.
Interval debulking surgery for advanced epithelial ovarian cancer.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for spontaneous bacterial peritonitis in cirrhotic patients with ascites, without gastro-intestinal bleeding.
Biomedical risk assessment as an aid for smoking cessation.
Healthcare financing systems for increasing the use of tobacco dependence treatment.
Immunoglobulins for preventing hepatitis A.
Male circumcision for prevention of heterosexual acquisition of HIV in men.
Statins for the prevention of dementia.
Intra-uterine insemination versus fallopian tube sperm perfusion for non-tubal infertility.
Hormone therapy in postmenopausal women and risk of endometrial hyperplasia.
Benefits and risks of corticosteroid prophylaxis in adult cardiac surgery: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Intensive insulin therapy and mortality among critically ill patients: a meta-analysis including NICE-SUGAR study data.
Yield of diagnostic tests for celiac disease in individuals with symptoms suggestive of irritable bowel syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does testosterone affect lateralization of brain and behaviour? A meta-analysis in humans and other animal species.
Meta-analysis of single-agent chemotherapy compared with combination chemotherapy as second-line treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Efficacy of tricyclic antidepressants in irritable bowel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
No relationship between 2',3'-cyclic nucleotide 3'-phosphodiesterase and schizophrenia in the Chinese Han population: an expression study and meta-analysis.
Brachytherapy for cervix cancer: low-dose rate or high-dose rate brachytherapy -  a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Efficacy and safety of drug-eluting stents in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Effectiveness and safety of nicotine replacement therapy assisted reduction to stop smoking: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of Ottawa Ankle Rules to exclude fractures of the ankle and midfoot in children: a meta-analysis.
The thalamus and schizophrenia: current status of research.
Rate of progression of mild cognitive impairment to dementia--meta-analysis of 41 robust inception cohort studies.
Meta-analysis: efficacy of bovine lactoferrin in Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Genetic variation in ORM1-like 3 (ORMDL3) and gasdermin-like (GSDML) and childhood asthma.
Soy consumption and prostate cancer risk in men: a revisit of a meta-analysis.
Meta- and pooled analysis of GSTP1 polymorphism and lung cancer: a HuGE-GSEC review.
Oral antibiotic prophylaxis reduces spontaneous bacterial peritonitis occurrence  and improves short-term survival in cirrhosis: a meta-analysis.
Is family history of depression a risk factor for poststroke depression? Meta-analysis.
Sodium bicarbonate therapy for prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-acting calcium antagonists in patients with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the utility of C-reactive protein in predicting early, intermediate-term and long term mortality and major adverse cardiac events in vascular surgical patients.
A meta-analysis of clinical screening tests for obstructive sleep apnea.
Is antibiotic prophylaxis in surgery a generally effective intervention? Testing  a generic hypothesis over a set of meta-analyses.
A systematic review of biocompatible cardiopulmonary bypass circuits and clinical outcome.
[Development of conjunctival hyperemia with the use of a fixed combination of latanoprost/timolol: systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials].
Perioperative supplemental oxygen therapy and surgical site infection: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Urinary bladder cancer risk among motor vehicle drivers: a meta-analysis of the evidence, 1977-2008.
Obesity and kidney cancer risk in men: a meta-analysis (1992-2008).
Chinese herbal medicine for Mild Cognitive Impairment and Age Associated Memory Impairment: a review of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of age-related gene expression profiles identifies common signatures of aging.
The value of medical history taking as risk indicator for tuboperitoneal pathology: a systematic review.
Prophylaxis regimens for GVHD: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of standard, restrictive and supplemental fluid administration in colorectal surgery.
Volume-controlled vs no/short-term drainage after axillary lymph node dissection  in breast cancer surgery: a meta-analysis.
Impact on survival of early detection of isolated breast recurrences after the primary treatment for breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of psychological stress on blood pressure increase: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Treating prediabetes with metformin: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intravenous pantoprazole as an adjuvant therapy following successful endoscopic treatment for peptic ulcer bleeding.
Predictive value of tumor thickness for cervical lymph-node involvement in squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity: a meta-analysis of reported studies.
Should FEV1/FEV6 replace FEV1/FVC ratio to detect airway obstruction? A metaanalysis.
A population pharmacokinetic meta-analysis of sunitinib malate (SU11248) and its  primary metabolite (SU12662) in healthy volunteers and oncology patients.
Stem cells improve left ventricular function in acute myocardial infarction.
Evidence-based medicine and electrophysiology in schizophrenia.
Role of fluoroquinolones in the primary prophylaxis of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis: meta-analysis.
Erythropoietin therapy and left ventricular mass index in CKD and ESRD patients:  a meta-analysis.
The effects of steroids during sepsis depend on dose and severity of illness: an  updated meta-analysis.
Complications following gastrostomy tube insertion in patients with head and neck cancer: a prospective multi-institution study, systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dose-response relationship in music therapy for people with serious mental disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intestinal cytokine mRNA expression in canine inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis with critical appraisal.
Internet addiction: metasynthesis of 1996-2006 quantitative research.
An evidence-based assessment of the clinical guidelines for replanted avulsed teeth. Part II: prescription of systemic antibiotics.
Alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyltransferase, and incident diabetes: the British Women's Heart and Health Study and meta-analysis.
Long-acting insulin analogues vs. NPH human insulin in type 1 diabetes. A meta-analysis.
Is hyperfiltration associated with the future risk of developing diabetic nephropathy? A meta-analysis.
Comparison of mesalazine and balsalazide in induction and maintenance of remission in patients with ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
Can the Ottawa knee rule be applied to children? A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Polymorphism of the MDR1/ABCB1 C3435T drug-transporter and resistance to anticonvulsant drugs: a meta-analysis.
The effect of venlafaxine compared with other antidepressants and placebo in the  treatment of major depression: a meta-analysis.
Effect of fish oil on ventricular tachyarrhythmia in three studies in patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators.
Large scale replication and meta-analysis of variants on chromosome 4q25 associated with atrial fibrillation.
Influence of CYP2C9 genotype on warfarin dose requirements--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The safety of quinolones--a meta-analysis of pregnancy outcomes.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of 30-day outcomes following staged carotid artery stenting and coronary bypass.
Yttrium-90 microsphere radioembolization for the treatment of liver malignancies: a structured meta-analysis.
Efficacy of citicoline as an acute stroke treatment.
The effectiveness of exercise in the management of post-natal depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fibroids and infertility: an updated systematic review of the evidence.
Systematic review of respite care in the frail elderly.
Cost-effectiveness of radiofrequency catheter ablation for the treatment of atrial fibrillation in the United Kingdom.
Meta-analysis: the effect of supplementation with lactoferrin on eradication rates and adverse events during Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy.
Meta-analysis: four-drug, three-antibiotic, non-bismuth-containing "concomitant therapy" versus triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication.
[Histology after tonsillectomy?].
Prostate cancer and driving occupations: could whole body vibration play a role?
Coffee consumption and risk of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Prevalence and type distribution of human papillomavirus in carcinoma and intraepithelial neoplasia of the vulva, vagina and anus: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of adjuvant chemotherapy using tegafur-based regimen for curatively resected gastric cancer: update of a meta-analysis.
Adding a dopamine agonist to preexisting levodopa therapy vs. levodopa therapy alone in advanced Parkinson's disease: a meta analysis.
Comparison of laparoscopy and laparotomy for management of endometrial carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Gum chewing reduces postoperative ileus? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of the soluble triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells-1  in bacterial infection: a meta-analysis.
Association between antidepressant half-life and the risk of suicidal ideation or behavior among children and adolescents: confirmatory analysis and research implications.
Meta-analysis comparing total hip arthroplasty with hemiarthroplasty in the treatment of displaced neck of femur fracture.
The effect of the femoral head ossific nucleus in the treatment of developmental  dysplasia of the hip. A meta-analysis.
The role of natriuretic peptide administration in cardiovascular surgery-associated renal dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Triage of women with equivocal or low-grade cervical cytology results: a meta-analysis of the HPV test positivity rate.
A systematic review of prophylactic antimicrobials in PEG placement.
TLR4 as a risk factor for periodontal disease: a reappraisal.
Garlic supplementation and serum cholesterol: a meta-analysis.
The impact of client treatment preferences on outcome: a meta-analysis.
Association between the PD1.3A/G polymorphism of the PDCD1 gene and systemic lupus erythematosus in European populations: a meta-analysis.
Supplemental perioperative oxygen for reducing surgical site infection: a meta-analysis.
Discharge planning from hospital to home for elderly patients: a meta-analysis.
GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms and nasopharyngeal cancer risk: an evidence-based meta-analysis.
Investigating the effects of marriage and relationship education on couples' communication skills: a meta-analytic study.
Intra-tunnel fixation versus extra-tunnel fixation of hamstring anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis to assess the quality of warfarin control in atrial fibrillation patients in the United States.
Tissue biomarkers for prognosis in cutaneous melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of natural acetylcholinesterase inhibitor huperzine A in the  treatment of Alzheimer's disease: an updated meta-analysis.
A cochrane systematic review of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation for cancer pain.
Neuro-cognitive performance in children with type 1 diabetes--a meta-analysis.
Meta-analyses of mood stabilizers, antidepressants and antipsychotics in the treatment of borderline personality disorder: effectiveness for depression and anger symptoms.
Effectiveness of school-based prevention and intervention programs for children and adolescents with emotional disturbance: a meta-analysis.
Elevated D-dimer levels predict recurrence in patients with idiopathic venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis.
Interferon therapy in chronic hepatitis B reduces progression to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Surgical decompression for space-occupying cerebral infarction (the Hemicraniectomy After Middle Cerebral Artery infarction with Life-threatening Edema Trial [HAMLET]): a multicentre, open, randomised trial.
Hematopoietic colony-stimulating factor priming does not influence survival in acute myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Minimally invasive versus open esophagectomy for cancer: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
How effective are second-generation antipsychotic drugs? A meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
Phytotherapy versus hormonal therapy for postmenopausal bone loss: a meta-analysis.
Adenotonsillectomy for obstructive sleep apnea in obese children: a meta-analysis.
Five years of catheter ablation procedures in South-Western Europe: meta-analysis of National Registries.
Does quality of observational studies affect the results of a meta-analysis?: the case of cigarette smoking and pancreatic cancer.
An updated meta-analysis to assess the effectiveness of psychological interventions delivered by psychological specialists and generalist clinicians on glycaemic control and on psychological status.
The effect of computerized physician order entry on medication prescription errors and clinical outcome in pediatric and intensive care: a systematic review.
Aprotinin and the risk of death and renal dysfunction in patients undergoing cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
CTLA4 and generalized vitiligo: two genetic association studies and a meta-analysis of published data.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide scans for human adult stature identifies novel Loci  and associations with measures of skeletal frame size.
Does one size fit all? What we can and can't learn from a meta-analysis of housing models for persons with mental illness.
Radiotherapy to the chest wall following mastectomy for node-negative breast cancer: a systematic review.
Association between the interleukin 23 receptor and ankylosing spondylitis is confirmed by a new UK case-control study and meta-analysis of published series.
The relationship between the duration of untreated psychosis and outcome in low-and-middle income countries: a systematic review and meta analysis.
Theory of mind impairment in schizophrenia: meta-analysis.
The efficacy of lamotrigine in clozapine-resistant schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Abdominal binder use in people with spinal cord injuries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Progestogen-only contraceptives and the risk of stroke: a meta-analysis.
Impact of ABO mismatching on the outcomes of allogeneic related and unrelated blood and marrow stem cell transplantations for hematologic malignancies: IPD-based meta-analysis of cohort studies.
New onset diabetes mellitus after liver transplantation and hepatitis C virus infection: meta-analysis of clinical studies.
A meta-analysis of mini-open versus standard open and laparoscopic living donor nephrectomy.
Lamivudine or lamivudine combined with hepatitis B immunoglobulin in prophylaxis  of hepatitis B recurrence after liver transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Transthoracic sonography for the detection of pulmonary embolism--a meta-analysis.
CYP1A1 polymorphisms and risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
[Aidi Injection as an adjunct therapy for non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review].
[Meta analysis on the effectiveness of inactivated influenza vaccine].
[Meta analysis on etiological relationship between human papillomavirus and esophageal carcinoma].
Effect of school-based physical activity interventions on body mass index in children: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of the efficacy of transcatheter arterial chemoembolization combined with percutaneous ethanol injection in treating unresectable primary liver cancer].
Individual patient data meta-analysis of diagnostic and prognostic studies in obstetrics, gynaecology and reproductive medicine.
Spinal cord stimulation in the treatment of refractory angina: systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The incidence of co-morbidities related to obesity and overweight: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
R-CHOP versus R-CVP in the treatment of follicular lymphoma: a meta-analysis and  critical appraisal of current literature.
Prevention of nonvertebral fractures with oral vitamin D and dose dependency: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of lowering blood pressure on cardiovascular events and mortality in patients on dialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Laterality effect on emotional faces processing: ALE meta-analysis of evidence.
Prevention of breast cancer in postmenopausal women: approaches to estimating and reducing risk.
Meta-analysis: the efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol in Crohn's disease.
Percutaneous coronary interventions for non-acute coronary artery disease: a quantitative 20-year synopsis and a network meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of capsule endoscopy in patients diagnosed or suspected with esophageal varices.
Association of Mycoplasma genitalium and HIV infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in the ADRB2 gene and Graves disease: a case-control study and a meta-analysis of available evidence.
Intradermal hepatitis B vaccination: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Naftidrofuryl for intermittent claudication: meta-analysis based on individual patient data.
5-HTTLPR genotype and anxiety-related personality traits: a meta-analysis and new data.
Meta-analysis of mortality in dialysis patients with an implantable cardioverter  defibrillator.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the baseline concentrations and physiologic responses of gut hormones to food in eating disorders.
Variants of the arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein (ALOX5AP) gene and risk of stroke: a HuGE gene-disease association review and meta-analysis.
Association between oral sodium phosphate bowel preparations and kidney injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Proteinuria and stroke: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Combination therapy versus monotherapy in reducing blood pressure: meta-analysis  on 11,000 participants from 42 trials.
Weight and type 2 diabetes after bariatric surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Curbing problem drinking with personalized-feedback interventions: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of multiple-session early interventions following traumatic events.
Comparative analysis of beta-blockers with other antihypertensive agents on cardiovascular outcomes in hypertensive patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does thromboelastography predict postoperative thromboembolic events? A systematic review of the literature.
Meta-analysis of the clamp-crushing technique for transection of the parenchyma in elective hepatic resection: back to where we started?
Meta-analysis of on-pump and off-pump coronary arterial revascularization.
Responses of parathyroid hormone to vitamin D supplementation: a systematic review of clinical trials.
Total vs partial fundoplication in the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease: a meta-analysis.
Long-term outcomes of stapled hemorrhoidopexy vs conventional hemorrhoidectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Citation bias in reported smoking prevalence in people with schizophrenia.
[Flu vaccine effectiveness: a metaanalysis].
Ibandronate dose response is associated with increases in bone mineral density and reductions in clinical fractures: results of a meta-analysis.
Ultrasound guidance compared with electrical neurostimulation for peripheral nerve block: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Conjunctival hyperaemia with the use of latanoprost versus other prostaglandin analogues in patients with ocular hypertension or glaucoma: a meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
Prevalence and correlates of adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: meta-analysis.
Dexterous movement complexity and cerebellar activation: a meta-analysis.
HER2 codon 655 polymorphism and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Enhancing the adjuvant treatment of hormone receptor positive breast cancer.
Effect of epidural analgesia in patients with traumatic rib fractures: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Topical application of antifibrinolytic drugs for on-pump cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Family history and risk of renal cell carcinoma: results from a case-control study and systematic meta-analysis.
Clinical efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine as a concomitant therapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
FAS promoter polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 34 case-control studies.
Perindopril: do randomised, controlled trials support an ACE inhibitor class effect? A meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Sexual abuse history among adult sex offenders and non-sex offenders: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of oncogenic protein kinase Ciota signaling in lung adenocarcinoma.
The tryptophan 620 allele of the lymphoid tyrosine phosphatase (PTPN22) gene predisposes to autoimmune Addison's disease.
Thyroid function and the natural history of depression: findings from the Caerphilly Prospective Study (CaPS) and a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase and methionine synthase genes and bladder cancer risk: a case-control study with meta-analysis.
Aldosterone antagonists for preventing the progression of chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Masked hypertension and white-coat hypertension in chronic kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of intermittent intravenous and oral calcitriol in the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in chronic hemodialysis patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prevalence of chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Are there meaningful etiological differences within antisocial behavior? Results  of a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of behavioral treatments for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
An integrated analysis of the efficacy of desvenlafaxine compared with placebo in patients with major depressive disorder.
Severe hypoglycaemia and glycaemic control in Type 1 diabetes: meta-analysis of multiple daily insulin injections compared with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion.
Recent growth of children in the two Koreas: a meta-analysis.
Blood pressure reduction and renin-angiotensin system inhibition for prevention of congestive heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Behavioural interventions for smoking cessation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Optimal duration of first-line chemotherapy for advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and skin cancer: a meta-analysis.
Use of N-acetylcysteine to reduce post-cardiothoracic surgery complications: a meta-analysis.
Spontaneous regression of hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review.
Absence of carious lesions at margins of glass-ionomer and amalgam restorations:  a meta- analysis.
Prevalence of significant asymptomatic carotid artery disease in patients with peripheral vascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Combined FDG-PET/CT for the detection of unknown primary tumors: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Combined magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance spectroscopy imaging in the diagnosis of prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Identification of stanniocalcin 2 as prognostic marker in renal cell carcinoma.
How to improve the probability of pregnancy in poor responders undergoing in vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of antimullerian hormone in prediction of outcome after IVF: comparison  with the antral follicle count.
Array CGH in patients with learning disability (mental retardation) and congenital anomalies: updated systematic review and meta-analysis of 19 studies and 13,926 subjects.
Efficacy of antidepressants and psychological therapies in irritable bowel syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Routine use of oxygen in the treatment of myocardial infarction: systematic review.
T-wave alternans in risk stratification of patients with nonischemic dilated cardiomyopathy: can it help to better select candidates for ICD implantation?
Social cognition and the brain: a meta-analysis.
The predictive value of epidermal growth factor receptor tests in patients with pulmonary adenocarcinoma: review of current "best evidence" with meta-analysis.
Voting With their Feet (VWF) endpoint: a meta-analysis of an alternative endpoint in clinical trials, using 5-ASA induction studies in ulcerative colitis.
Terlipressin for hepatorenal syndrome: A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Stapled haemorrhoidopexy compared to Milligan-Morgan and Ferguson haemorrhoidectomy: a systematic review.
Amniotic fluid index versus single deepest vertical pocket: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Genetic damage in mammalian somatic cells exposed to extremely low frequency electro-magnetic fields: a meta-analysis of data from 87 publications (1990-2007).
Physical activity and all-cause mortality: an updated meta-analysis with different intensity categories.
Retrograde autologous priming and allogeneic blood transfusions: a meta-analysis.
The influence of tobacco smoking on the outcomes achieved by root-coverage procedures: a systematic review.
Information sharing and team performance: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of in-house PCR for pulmonary tuberculosis in smear-positive  patients: meta-analysis and metaregression.
The effectiveness of silver-releasing dressings in the management of non-healing  chronic wounds: a meta-analysis.
Early improvement in the first 2 weeks as a predictor of treatment outcome in patients with major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis including 6562 patients.
Prone positioning in hypoxemic respiratory failure: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Medical expulsive therapy as an adjunct to improve shockwave lithotripsy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of first metatarsophalangeal joint implant arthroplasty.
Clinicopathological and molecular characteristics of Epstein-Barr virus-associated gastric carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Early enteral nutrition within 24 h of intestinal surgery versus later commencement of feeding: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Portal triad clamping versus vascular exclusion for vascular control during hepatic resection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of ACE I/D gene polymorphism with vascular dementia: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of nonpenetrating filtering surgery with and without implant in treatment of open angle glaucoma: a quantitative evaluation of the evidence.
Updating a meta-analysis of intervention research with challenging behaviour: treatment validity and standards of practice.
Apolipoprotein E genotype as a risk factor for susceptibility to and dementia in  Parkinson's disease.
Cost-effectiveness of 99mTc-sestamibi in predicting response to chemotherapy in patients with lung cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of applied behavioral intervention in preschool children with autism for improving cognitive, language, and adaptive behavior: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nonoperative treatment of spondylolysis and grade I spondylolisthesis in children and young adults: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
A preliminary study of the population-adjusted effectiveness of substance abuse prevention programming: towards making IOM program types comparable.
Candidate genes and neuropsychological phenotypes in children with ADHD: review of association studies.
Meta-analysis of association of ACE2 G8790A polymorphism with Chinese Han essential hypertension.
Determining variables of plyometric training for improving vertical jump height performance: a meta-analysis.
Ministernotomy versus conventional sternotomy for aortic valve replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Peripheral arterial disease and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T mutations: A case-control study and meta-analysis.
Ovarian preservation by GnRH agonists during chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D receptor TaqI, BsmI and ApaI polymorphisms and osteoarthritis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Treatment outcomes among patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prophylactic use of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor after induction chemotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia may increase the complete remission rate: a meta-analysis of five randomised controlled trials.
Infectious complications of rituximab in patients with lymphoma during maintenance therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Benefits and risks of long-term amiodarone therapy for persistent atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: audit and feedback features impact effectiveness on care quality.
Formaldehyde exposure and leukemia: a new meta-analysis and potential mechanisms.
Association between delayed graft function and allograft and patient survival: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gadolinium-based contrast agents and nephrogenic systemic fibrosis: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Blood-brain barrier: ageing and microvascular disease--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functional imaging studies of episodic memory in Alzheimer's disease: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Neuropsychological speed tests and blood phenylalanine levels in patients with phenylketonuria: a meta-analysis.
Operative treatment of anterior thoracic spinal cord herniation: three new cases  and an individual patient data meta-analysis of 126 case reports.
Prepregnancy BMI and the risk of gestational diabetes: a systematic review of the literature with meta-analysis.
Tocolytic therapy: a meta-analysis and decision analysis.
The association of cutaneous and iris nevi with uveal melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Thyroid gland management in total laryngectomy: meta-analysis and surgical recommendations.
Prophylactic antibiotics cannot prevent endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography-induced cholangitis: a meta-analysis.
The effect of aprotinin, tranexamic acid, and aminocaproic acid on blood loss and use of blood products in major pediatric surgery: a meta-analysis.
Association between bullying and psychosomatic problems: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of inhaled corticosteroids in infants and preschoolers with recurrent wheezing and asthma: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Effect of ropinirole on sleep outcomes in patients with restless legs syndrome: meta-analysis of pooled individual patient data from randomized controlled trials.
Self-efficacy and smoking cessation: a meta-analysis.
Detection of overreporting of psychopathology on the Personality Assessment Inventory: a meta-analytic review.
The accuracy of recidivism risk assessments for sexual offenders: a meta-analysis of 118 prediction studies.
A meta-analysis of the five-factor model of personality and academic performance.
Is executive impairment associated with schizophrenic syndromes? A meta-analysis.
Psychophysiological outcomes of health qigong for chronic conditions: a systematic review.
Efficacy of bicarbonate in decreasing pain on intradermal injection of local anesthetics: a meta-analysis.
[18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography in the evaluation of therapy response assessment in lymphomas. Systematic literature review and meta-analysis].
Association between the A1330V polymorphism of the low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 5 gene and bone mineral density: a meta-analysis.
Antipsychotic combinations vs monotherapy in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on negative and positive symptoms in schizophrenia.
Meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in schizophrenia.
Hand-preference and population schizotypy: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of candidate gene polymorphisms and ischemic stroke in 6 study populations: association of lymphotoxin-alpha in nonhypertensive patients.
Helicobacter species are associated with possible increase in risk of hepatobiliary tract cancers.
Diagnostic precision of carcinoembryonic antigen in the detection of recurrence of colorectal cancer.
Carotid artery stenting versus carotid endarterectomy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
[DNA repair gene xeroderma pigmentosum group D 751 polymorphism and the risk on esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of the relationship between dairy product consumption and gastric  cancer].
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of 12 new-generation antidepressants: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
Impact of human immunodeficiency virus infection on the course of hepatitis C virus infection: a meta-analysis.
Calcineurin inhibitor sparing with mycophenolate in kidney transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physical activity and colon cancer prevention: a meta-analysis.
Integrated psychological treatment for substance use and co-morbid anxiety or depression vs. treatment for substance use alone. A systematic review of the published literature.
Are cancer-related decision aids effective? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between TCF7L2 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus: a large Human Genome Epidemiology (HuGE) review and meta-analysis.
Aspirin for the chemoprevention of colorectal adenomas: meta-analysis of the randomized trials.
Rituximab maintenance for the treatment of patients with follicular lymphoma: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Cancer survivors and unemployment: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Efficacy and safety of insulin analogues for the management of diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Impact of cardiac complications on outcome after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis: probiotics in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
Efficacy of multicomponent treatment in fibromyalgia syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
An assessment of erythroid response to epoetin alpha as a single agent versus in  combination with granulocyte- or granulocyte-macrophage-colony-stimulating factor in myelodysplastic syndromes using a meta-analysis approach.
Meta-analysis of sentinel lymph node positivity in thin melanoma (<or=1 mm).
Better adherence with once-daily antiretroviral regimens: a meta-analysis.
Proteomics of the TRAP-induced platelet releasate.
[Treatment of plaque psoriasis with biologics. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials].
Effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation on Parkinson motor function--systematic review of controlled clinical trials.
Maternal overweight and obesity and the risk of congenital anomalies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of live attenuated influenza vaccine in children: A meta-analysis of nine randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of duloxetine vs. pregabalin and gabapentin in the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain.
Reproductive factors and specific histological types of breast cancer: prospective study and meta-analysis.
The risk of febrile neutropenia in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer treated with docetaxel: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and risk of gastric and oesophageal adenocarcinomas: results from a cohort study and a meta-analysis.
Immunoglobulin prophylaxis in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term use of inhaled corticosteroids and the risk of pneumonia in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Imaging strategies for low-back pain: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and risk of suicide: a systematic review  of observational studies.
[Meta-analysis of antibiotic prophylaxis for postoperative bacteriuria in patients undergoing transrectal prostatic biopsy].
Group cognitive behavioural therapy for obsessive-compulsive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of beverage alcohol price and tax levels on drinking: a meta-analysis of  1003 estimates from 112 studies.
Antidepressants in the treatment of adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review.
Fluorodeoxyglucose-positron-emission tomography, single-photon emission tomography, and structural MR imaging for prediction of rapid conversion to Alzheimer disease in patients with mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis.
Glycemic index, glycemic load, and risk of digestive tract neoplasms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Esophageal adenocarcinoma in Barrett's esophagus after endoscopic ablative therapy: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Helicobacter pylori infection and Barrett's esophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Radiofrequency thermal ablation vs. percutaneous ethanol injection for small hepatocellular carcinoma in cirrhosis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis comparing different behavioral treatments for late-life anxiety.
The impact of revascularization on mortality in patients with nonacute coronary artery disease.
A meta-analysis of head-to-head comparisons of second-generation antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia.
An evidence-based medicine review of lymphadenectomy extent for gastric cancer.
The interleukin 23 receptor gene does not confer risk to systemic sclerosis and is not associated with systemic sclerosis disease phenotype.
Updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials on the  role of mechanical bowel preparation before colorectal surgery.
How good is endoscopic ultrasound in differentiating various T stages of rectal cancer? Meta-analysis and systematic review.
Exploring the association between elevated body mass index and Barrett's esophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Macrogol (polyethylene glycol) laxatives in children with functional constipation and faecal impaction: a systematic review.
Growth and growth biomarker changes after adenotonsillectomy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The association of primary open-angle glaucoma with mortality: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of cholecystectomy in symptomatic patients with positive hepatobiliary iminodiacetic acid scan results without gallstones.
Effect of thiazolidinediones on in-stent restenosis in patients after coronary stenting: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
CagA antigen of Helicobacter pylori and coronary instability: insight from a clinico-pathological study and a meta-analysis of 4241 cases.
HLA class II association with autoimmune hepatitis in Latin America: a meta-analysis.
Genetics of dopamine receptors and drug addiction: a comprehensive review.
Gene X environment interactions at the serotonin transporter locus.
Antifibrinolytics in cardiac surgical patients receiving aspirin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Benefit and risk of intrathecal morphine without local anaesthetic in patients undergoing major surgery: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Effectiveness and safety of short vs. long duration of antibiotic therapy for acute bacterial sinusitis: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Psychological treatment of depression in primary care: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of nonpenetrating glaucoma surgery augmented with mitomycin C in treatment of open-angle glaucoma: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of self-reports of Pap and mammography screening compared to medical record: a meta-analysis.
Associations of circulating C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 with cancer risk: findings from two prospective cohorts and a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials of neo-adjuvant hormone therapy for localised and locally advanced prostate carcinoma.
A meta-analysis of Chinese herbal medicine in treatment of managed withdrawal from heroin.
Clomiphene citrate, metformin or both as first-step approach in treating anovulatory infertility in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS): a systematic review of head-to-head randomized controlled studies and meta-analysis.
Optimal method of coronary revascularization in patients receiving dialysis: systematic review.
Atrial natriuretic peptide for management of acute kidney injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relationship between reduction in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol by statins and reduction in risk of cardiovascular outcomes: an updated meta-analysis.
Gabapentin for the treatment of hot flashes in women with natural or tamoxifen-induced menopause: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Performance of purified antigens for serodiagnosis of pulmonary tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
Potential impact of omega-3 treatment on cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes.
An evidence-based assessment of the clinical guidelines for replanted avulsed teeth. Part I: Timing of pulp extirpation.
Is diabetes a coronary risk equivalent? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy assessment and complications of surgical management for superior semicircular canal dehiscence: a meta-analysis of published interventional studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of intra-aortic balloon pump therapy in ST-elevation myocardial infarction: should we change the guidelines?
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Performance of EuroSCORE in CABG and off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting: single institution experience and meta-analysis.
Endovascular versus open repair for descending thoracic aortic rupture: institutional experience and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of contraceptive counselling of women following an abortion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The E-cadherin (CDH1)--160 C/A polymorphism and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage studies across autoimmune diseases.
Hyalinization during orthodontic tooth movement: a systematic review on tissue reactions.
Sublobar resection for lung cancer.
Laparoscopic treatment for endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs).
Routine antenatal anti-D prophylaxis for RhD-negative women: a systematic review  and economic evaluation.
Role of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in the prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Immunoactive prophylaxis of recurrent urinary tract infections: a meta-analysis.
Body weight and incidence of breast cancer defined by estrogen and progesterone receptor status--a meta-analysis.
Epidemiology of hepatitis viruses among hepatocellular carcinoma cases and healthy people in Egypt: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Green tea consumption and risk of stomach cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Risk of contralateral testicular cancer among men with unilaterally undescended testis: a meta analysis.
Evaluation of morbidity of suction drains after retroperitoneal lymphadenectomy in gynecological tumors: a systematic literature review.
Acupuncture for obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reliable estimation of the proportion of minor stroke due to intracerebral haemorrhage.
Meta-analysis: the effect and adverse events of Lactobacilli versus placebo in maintenance therapy for Crohn disease.
Cognitive endophenotypes of bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis of neuropsychological deficits in euthymic patients and their first-degree relatives.
Randomized controlled trials of acupuncture for neck pain: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Dental surgery for patients on anticoagulant therapy with warfarin: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Recombinant activated factor VII in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Does combined mitral valve surgery improve survival when compared to revascularization alone in patients with ischemic mitral regurgitation? A meta-analysis on 2479 patients.
Sequential therapy vs. standard triple therapies for Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.
Dissection of the abdominal aorta. Current evidence and implications for treatment strategies: a review and meta-analysis of 92 patients.
Predictive model for progression of hearing loss: meta-analysis of multi-state outcome.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials for health care interventions: one for all?
Gabapentin versus tricyclic antidepressants for diabetic neuropathy and post-herpetic neuralgia: discrepancies between direct and indirect meta-analyses  of randomized controlled trials.
Antibiotics versus placebo in the treatment of women with uncomplicated cystitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Genomewide association study of an AIDS-nonprogression cohort emphasizes the role played by HLA genes (ANRS Genomewide Association Study 02).
Factors influencing the benefit of adjunctive devices during percutaneous coronary intervention in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Efficacy and tolerability of latanoprost compared to dorzolamide combined with timolol in the treatment of patients with elevated intraocular pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Polymorphisms in chromosome 9 and risk of ischemic stroke in two European white populations, and a meta-analysis.
Heterosexual risk of HIV-1 infection per sexual act: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Use of PCR for diagnosis of invasive aspergillosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Infection-control interventions for cancer patients after chemotherapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Paternal smoking, genetic polymorphisms in CYP1A1 and childhood leukemia risk.
Effect of diacylglycerol on postprandial serum triacylglycerol concentration: a meta-analysis.
Cost of liver transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis comparing the United States with other OECD countries.
Predicting protein post-translational modifications using meta-analysis of proteome scale data sets.
Alcohol use and prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Effect of exercise training on walking mobility in multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
The association of obesity and cervical cancer screening: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Selenium for preventing Kashin-Beck osteoarthropathy in children: a meta-analysis.
Electrocautery adenoidectomy outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of immune epitope data for all Plasmodia: overview and applications for malarial immunobiology and vaccine-related issues.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion vs. multiple daily injections in children with type 1 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Global meta-analysis of the C-11377G alteration in the ADIPOQ gene indicates the  presence of population-specific effects: challenge for global health initiatives.
Meta-analysis of subfascial endoscopic perforator vein surgery (SEPS) for chronic venous insufficiency.
Does the use of orthoses improve self-reported pain and function measures in patients with plantar fasciitis? A meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of Hypericum perforatum in major depressive disorder in comparison with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the psychosis continuum: evidence for a  psychosis proneness-persistence-impairment model of psychotic disorder.
Psychological treatment of social anxiety disorder: a meta-analysis.
Associations of depression with C-reactive protein, IL-1, and IL-6: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between visualization of meiotic spindle in human oocytes and ICSI outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Self-medication prevalence for sexually transmitted diseases: meta-analysis and meta-regression of population level determinants.
Self-help therapy for insomnia: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the hepatitis C virus distribution in diverse racial/ethnic drug injector groups.
Meta-analysis of coinfection and coexposure with Borrelia burgdorferi and Anaplasma phagocytophilum in humans, domestic animals, wildlife, and Ixodes ricinus-complex ticks.
A meta-analysis of fear of falling treatment programs for the elderly.
Meta-analysis of antibiotic prophylaxis use in transrectal prostatic biopsy.
[The meta analysis on the safety and immunogenicity of domestic and imported split influenza virus vaccines].
Microvolt T-wave alternans as a predictor of mortality and severe arrhythmias in  patients with left-ventricular dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of computed tomography angiography in peripheral arterial  disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metastatic renal cell cancer treatments: an indirect comparison meta-analysis.
Acupuncture treatment for pain: systematic review of randomised clinical trials with acupuncture, placebo acupuncture, and no acupuncture groups.
Adjuvant 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid vs observation for pancreatic cancer: composite data from the ESPAC-1 and -3(v1) trials.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol reduction and coronary heart disease risk.
Effectiveness of acute geriatric units on functional decline, living at home, and case fatality among older patients admitted to hospital for acute medical disorders: meta-analysis.
First line chemotherapy in low risk gestational trophoblastic neoplasia.
Culture-specific programs for children and adults from minority groups who have asthma.
Kinship care for the safety, permanency, and well-being of children removed from  the home for maltreatment.
Psychological treatments for the management of irritable bowel syndrome.
Open versus laparoscopic (assisted) ileo pouch anal anastomosis for ulcerative colitis and familial adenomatous polyposis.
Preoperative chemoradiation versus radiation alone for stage II and III resectable rectal cancer.
Interval debulking surgery for advanced epithelial ovarian cancer.
Oxygen therapy for lower respiratory tract infections in children between 3 months and 15 years of age.
Individual patient education for people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Intra-peritoneal prophylactic agents for preventing adhesions and adhesive intestinal obstruction after non-gynaecological abdominal surgery.
Street lighting for preventing road traffic injuries.
Adjuvant (post-surgery) chemotherapy for early stage epithelial ovarian cancer.
Ear drops for the removal of ear wax.
Budesonide for maintenance of remission in Crohn's disease.
Early (< 8 days) postnatal corticosteroids for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants.
Restricted versus liberal oxygen exposure for preventing morbidity and mortality  in preterm or low birth weight infants.
Surgery or embolisation for varicoceles in subfertile men.
Early discharge hospital at home.
Multiple versus single doses of exogenous surfactant for the prevention or treatment of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome.
Azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine for maintenance of remission in Crohn's disease.
Meta-analysis of risk reduction estimates associated with risk-reducing salpingo-oophorectomy in BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation carriers.
Tandem versus single autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation for the treatment of multiple myeloma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Ross procedure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Avoiding hospital admission through provision of hospital care at home: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data.
The safety of aprotinin and lysine-derived antifibrinolytic drugs in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
The effect of smoking on the male excess of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis and geographical analyses.
Functional topography in the human cerebellum: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Comparison of short-term SF-36 results between total joint arthroplasty and cervical spine decompression and fusion or arthroplasty.
Inhaled drugs to reduce exacerbations in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a network meta-analysis.
Treatment of fibromyalgia syndrome with antidepressants: a meta-analysis.
Gender and respiratory findings in workers occupationally exposed to organic aerosols: a meta analysis of 12 cross-sectional studies.
Adjuvant external beam radiotherapy in the treatment of endometrial cancer (MRC ASTEC and NCIC CTG EN.5 randomised trials): pooled trial results, systematic review, and meta-analysis.
Reconstruction and functional analysis of altered molecular pathways in human atherosclerotic arteries.
Meta-analyses of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T and A1298C polymorphisms and risk of head and neck and lung cancer.
Relationship of postoperative complications from preoperative biliary stents after pancreaticoduodenectomy. A new cohort analysis and meta-analysis of modern  studies.
Efficacy of pneumococcal vaccination in adults: a meta-analysis.
Long-term use of thiazolidinediones and fractures in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Whole brain radiotherapy with radiosensitizer for brain metastases.
Spontaneous improvement in randomised clinical trials: meta-analysis of three-armed trials comparing no treatment, placebo and active intervention.
Clinical outcomes of serolimus-eluting stents versus bare metal stents in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction patients: a meta-analysis.
Second-generation versus first-generation antipsychotic drugs for schizophrenia:  a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of computer technology-based HIV prevention interventions: a meta-analysis.
Prophylactic use of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor after chemotherapy does not affect survival rate in acute myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Analyses of mortality risk in patients with dementia treated with galantamine.
Influence of the maternal birth status on offspring: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori infection and hyperemesis gravidarum: a systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Systematic review of progesterone for the prevention of preterm birth in singleton pregnancies.
Induction of labor versus expectant management for post-date pregnancy: is there  sufficient evidence for a change in clinical practice?
Caries preventive effect of casein phosphopeptide-amorphous calcium phosphate (CPP-ACP): a meta-analysis.
Risk of hypertension and renal dysfunction with an angiogenesis inhibitor sunitinib: systematic review and meta-analysis.
IPD meta-analysis shows no effect of LC-PUFA supplementation on infant growth at  18 months.
Effectiveness of current treatment approaches for benzodiazepine discontinuation: a meta-analysis.
Effect of interleukin-6 polymorphisms on human longevity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Radial versus femoral access for coronary angiography or intervention and the impact on major bleeding and ischemic events: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Cardiovascular outcomes in high-risk patients without heart failure treated with  ARBs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions to lower the glycemic response to carbohydrate foods with a low-viscosity fiber (resistant maltodextrin): meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Increase in fasting vascular endothelial function after short-term oral L-arginine is effective when baseline flow-mediated dilation is low: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of micronutrients on growth of children under 5 y of age: meta-analyses of single and multiple nutrient interventions.
Efficacy of opiate maintenance therapy and adjunctive interventions for opioid dependence with comorbid cocaine use disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of retention in methadone maintenance by dose and dosing strategy.
Spousal concordance for major coronary risk factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does purgative preparation influence the diagnostic yield of small bowel video capsule endoscopy?: A meta-analysis.
Acupuncture for lowering blood pressure: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of N-acetylcysteine to prevent acute renal failure after major surgery.
Efficacy and safety of glucocorticoids therapy for IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Mycophenolate mofetil treatment for IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of donor and recipient outcomes following laser therapy performed for  twin-twin transfusion syndrome: a meta-analysis and review of literature.
Laparoscopic versus open repair of incisional/ventral hernia: a meta-analysis.
[Use of artificial circulation during prosthetic repair of the abdominal aorta in single-step operations (a meta-analysis)].
Halogenated anaesthetics and cardiac protection in cardiac and non-cardiac anaesthesia.
A meta-analysis of leptin reference ranges in the healthy paediatric prepubertal  population.
Screening colonoscopies by primary care physicians: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of sudden cardiac death with omega-3 fatty acids in patients with coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis evaluating the impact of chitosan on serum lipids in hypercholesterolemic patients.
The effect of Bifidobacterium lactis on the growth of infants: a pooled analysis  of randomized controlled studies.
Endoscopic and surgical treatments for achalasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
N-acetylcysteine in cardiovascular-surgery-associated renal failure: a meta-analysis.
Two decades of nurse-led research on smoking during pregnancy and postpartum: concept development to intervention trials.
School-based interventions for health promotion and weight control: not just waiting on the world to change.
Optimal length of antiviral therapy in patients with hepatitis C virus genotypes  2 and 3: a meta-analysis.
Concurrent validity of the tower tasks as measures of executive function in adults: a meta-analysis.
Cerebral palsy, autism spectrum disorders, and developmental delay in children born after assisted conception: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The ITGAV rs3738919 variant and susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis in four Caucasian sample sets.
The effects of phytosterols/stanols on blood lipid profiles: a systematic review  with meta-analysis.
Progressive resistance exercise improves glycaemic control in people with type 2  diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Urinary incontinence is associated with an increase in falls: a systematic review.
Muscle strengthening is not effective in children and adolescents with cerebral palsy: a systematic review.
Outcomes of new quality standards of follitropin alfa on ovarian stimulation: meta-analysis of previous studies.
Functional brain correlates of social and nonsocial processes in autism spectrum  disorders: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of brain volume changes in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Calcium intake and the 10-year incidence of self-reported vertebral fractures in  women and men: the Japan Public Health Centre-based Prospective Study.
Lamotrigine for treatment of bipolar depression: independent meta-analysis and meta-regression of individual patient data from five randomised trials.
Meta-analysis of adjuvant chemotherapy after radical surgery for advanced gastric cancer.
Management of unstable slipped upper femoral epiphysis: a meta-analysis.
Gene expression meta-analysis identifies chromosomal regions and candidate genes  involved in breast cancer metastasis.
Association between stress and breast cancer in women: a meta-analysis.
Penicillins vs trimethoprim-based regimens for acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the ACE gene polymorphism in cerebral infarction.
The efficacy of 5-HT3 receptor antagonists for the prevention of postoperative vomiting following craniotomy: two studies in children and young adults.
Meta-analysis of pre-operative aromatase inhibitor versus tamoxifen in postmenopausal woman with hormone receptor-positive breast cancer.
Quantitative assessment of red meat or processed meat consumption and kidney cancer.
Aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 and head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis implementing a Mendelian randomization approach.
GEMS (Gene Expression MetaSignatures), a Web resource for querying meta-analysis  of expression microarray datasets: 17beta-estradiol in MCF-7 cells.
Association analysis of genes involved in the maintenance of the integrity of the extracellular matrix with intracranial aneurysms in a Japanese cohort.
Efficacy of menatetrenone (vitamin K2) against non-vertebral and hip fractures in patients with neurological diseases: meta-analysis of three randomized, controlled trials.
Anti-fracture efficacy of risedronic acid in men: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Radiation synovectomy with (90)Yttrium, (186)Rhenium and (169)Erbium: a systematic literature review with meta-analyses.
Risk of hand-foot skin reaction with the multitargeted kinase inhibitor sunitinib in patients with renal cell and non-renal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Population pharmacokinetics of orally administered duloxetine in patients: implications for dosing recommendation.
Effectiveness and tolerability of pharmacologic and combined interventions for reducing injection pain during routine childhood immunizations: systematic review and meta-analyses.
The effect of pramipexole on mood and motivational symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled studies.
Internet-based and other computerized psychological treatments for adult depression: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of computer-aided psychotherapy: problems and partial solutions.
Computer-aided psychotherapy for anxiety disorders: a meta-analytic review.
Effects of steroids on reintubation and post-extubation stridor in adults: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of nitrogen dioxide exposure and airway hyper-responsiveness in asthmatics.
Escitalopram in the treatment of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Psychotherapy versus the combination of psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy in the  treatment of depression: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of systemic treatments for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Development of executive function and attention in preterm children: a systematic review.
Community violence: a meta-analysis on the effect of exposure and mental health outcomes of children and adolescents.
Short-acting insulin analogues vs. regular human insulin in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Effect of music on patients undergoing colonoscopy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Accuracy of computed tomographic colonography for the detection of polyps and colorectal tumors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Phase I and II enzyme polymorphisms as risk factors for Barrett's esophagus and esophageal adenocarcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The general and comparative efficacy and safety of duloxetine in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Differences in adverse effect reporting in placebo groups in SSRI and tricyclic antidepressant trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bisphosphonates and atrial fibrillation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
NSAID use and the risk of Parkinson's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Variable stiffness colonoscope versus regular adult colonoscope: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Routine stent implantation vs. percutaneous transluminal angioplasty in femoropopliteal artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Relative potency of proton-pump inhibitors-comparison of effects on intragastric  pH.
Quantifying the dose-response of walking in reducing coronary heart disease risk: meta-analysis.
Effect of fermented milk-based probiotic preparations on Helicobacter pylori eradication: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
Enamel matrix derivative (Emdogain) for periodontal tissue regeneration in intrabony defects. A Cochrane systematic review.
Acupuncture and dry needling in the management of myofascial trigger point pain:  a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
A comparison of pancreaticoduodenectomy with extended pancreaticoduodenectomy: a  meta-analysis of 1909 patients.
Ischaemic stroke subtypes and their genetic basis: a comprehensive meta-analysis  of small and large vessel stroke.
Family history is a significant risk factor for pancreatic cancer: results from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms in serotonin-related genes in anorexia nervosa. The first study in  Czech population and metaanalyses with previously performed studies.
Ectopic pregnancy rates after frozen versus fresh embryo transfer: a meta-analysis.
Cytoreductive surgery for recurrent ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Evidence-based palaeopathology: meta-analysis of PubMed-listed scientific studies on ancient Egyptian mummies.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage studies in celiac disease.
The clinical significance of the retrieval of a low number of oocytes following mild ovarian stimulation for IVF: a meta-analysis.
Insulin sensitizing drugs for weight loss in women of reproductive age who are overweight or obese: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The risk of monozygotic twins after assisted reproductive technology: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of cigarette smoking upon clinical outcomes of assisted reproduction: a meta-analysis.
Simultaneous vaccination with Prevenar and multicomponent vaccines for children:  interference or no interference?
The importance of surgical sequence in the treatment of lower extremity injuries  with concomitant vascular injury: A meta-analysis.
Simultaneous initiation (coinitiation) of pharmacotherapy with triiodothyronine and a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor for major depressive disorder: a quantitative synthesis of double-blind studies.
Statistical study of 35delG mutation of GJB2 gene: a meta-analysis of carrier frequency.
Diagnostic value of FDG-PET in recurrent colorectal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
A multivariate approach to a meta-analytic review of the effectiveness of the D.A.R.E. program.
Milk consumption and circulating insulin-like growth factor-I level: a systematic literature review.
Effectiveness of whole grain consumption in the prevention of colorectal cancer:  meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Comparison of a two-lead, computerized, resting ECG signal analysis device, the MultiFunction-CardioGram or MCG (a.k.a. 3DMP), to quantitative coronary angiography for the detection of relevant coronary artery stenosis (>70%) - a meta-analysis of all published trials performed and analyzed in the US.
Computer technology applications in surgical implant dentistry: a systematic review.
Pegylated and non-pegylated interferon-alfa and ribavirin for the treatment of mild chronic hepatitis C: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors associated with recent transmission of tuberculosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hyperintense MRI lesions in bipolar disorder: A meta-analysis and review.
Cognitive functioning in patients with affective disorders and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Sodium bicarbonate for the prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy: a meta-analysis of 17 randomized trials.
Moxifloxacin-based triple therapy versus clarithromycin-based triple therapy for  first-line treatment of Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Treatment of palpable varicocele in infertile men: a meta-analysis to define the  best technique.
CD14 C260T promoter polymorphism and the risk of cerebrovascular diseases: a meta-analysis.
Individual- and organizational-level consequences of organizational citizenship behaviors: A meta-analysis.
Hydroxyapatite coated femoral stems in primary total hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Comprehensive synthesis of early intensive behavioral interventions for young children with autism based on the UCLA young autism project model.
A meta-analysis of sensory modulation symptoms in individuals with autism spectrum disorders.
Effects of recombinant human growth hormone therapy in obesity in adults: a meta  analysis.
The transience and nature of cognitive impairments in transient global amnesia: a meta-analysis.
Relationships between obsessive-compulsive symptomatology and severity of psychosis in schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effects of internet- and computer-based cognitive-behavioral treatments for anxiety.
Meta-analysis: the effect of interferon on development of hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
Usefulness of serum IgG4 in the diagnosis and follow up of autoimmune pancreatitis: A systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
L-Ornithine-l-aspartate in the management of hepatic encephalopathy: a meta-analysis.
Tacrolimus versus cyclosporine microemulsion for heart transplant recipients: a meta-analysis.
Carotid ultrasound screening for coronary heart disease: results based on a meta-analysis of 18 studies and 44,861 subjects.
Amygdala volume in adults with posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
Do we recover from vacation? Meta-analysis of vacation effects on health and well-being.
Comprehensive review of procedures for total colonic aganglionosis.
The effectiveness of pressure garment therapy for the prevention of abnormal scarring after burn injury: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the accuracy of the mini-mental state examination in the detection of dementia and mild cognitive impairment.
A meta-analysis examining clinical predictors of hippocampal volume in patients with major depressive disorder.
Dietary sodium intake and arterial blood pressure.
Stenting versus coronary artery bypass grafting for unprotected left main coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Preoperative statin therapy reduces postoperative all-cause mortality in cardiac  surgery: a meta-analysis of controlled studies.
Long-term perchloroethylene exposure: a meta-analysis of neurobehavioral deficits in occupationally and residentially exposed groups.
XPD polymorphisms, cigarette smoking, and bladder cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of MSH6 gene mutation frequency in colorectal and endometrial cancers.
Cigarette smoking, MDM2 SNP309, gene-environment interactions, and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Incidence of post-pyelonephritic renal scarring: a meta-analysis of the dimercapto-succinic acid literature.
The safety of ureteroscopy during pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endovenous therapies of lower extremity varicosities: a meta-analysis.
Association between aldosterone synthase CYP11B2 polymorphism and essential hypertension in Chinese: a meta-analysis.
High-flexion implants in primary total knee arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Host genetic susceptibility to pneumococcal and meningococcal disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Probiotics in patients with severe acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of hair removal laser trials.
Is JAK2 V617F mutation more than a diagnostic index? A meta-analysis of clinical  outcomes in essential thrombocythemia.
Magnitude of benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer: meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Association of programmed cell death 1 polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of mental disorders among children exposed to war: a systematic review of 7,920 children.
Controlling for drug dose in systematic review and meta-analysis: a case study of the effect of antidepressant dose.
Is there evidence in support of the use of intra-articular hyaluronate in treating rheumatoid arthritis of the knee? A meta-analysis of the published literature.
Disease signatures are robust across tissues and experiments.
[Screening for abdominal aortic aneurysm; effectivity and cost-effectiveness].
Tripterygium wilfordii Hook F treatment for idiopathic refractory nephrotic syndrome in adults: a meta-analysis.
Hemorrhagic complications of ventriculostomy placement: a meta-analysis.
Metaanalysis of tirilazad mesylate in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Effectiveness of cognitive rehabilitation following acquired brain injury: a meta-analytic re-examination of Cicerone et al.'s (2000, 2005) systematic reviews.
Association of the DRD2 gene Taq1A polymorphism and smoking behavior: a meta-analysis and new data.
Soy food consumption and risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Colorectal cancer risk and dietary intake of calcium, vitamin D, and dairy products: a meta-analysis of 26,335 cases from 60 observational studies.
A systematic review of the effectiveness of group versus individual treatments for adult obesity.
Obesity as an independent risk factor for elective and emergency caesarean delivery in nulliparous women--systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Risk of high-grade skin rash in cancer patients treated with cetuximab--an antibody against epidermal growth factor receptor: systemic review and meta-analysis.
United States cost-effectiveness study of two dry eye ophthalmic lubricants.
The relationship between diabetes mellitus and destructive periodontal disease: a meta-analysis.
Global vitamin D levels in relation to age, gender, skin pigmentation and latitude: an ecologic meta-regression analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of interleukin-6 and interleukin-8 in predicting severe acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of biologicals in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. a meta-analysis.
Nutrition as prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.
Is paromomycin an effective and safe treatment against cutaneous leishmaniasis? A meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials.
Genetic variation in VEGF does not contribute significantly to the risk of congenital cardiovascular malformation.
Placebo response of non-pharmacological and pharmacological trials in major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and gene set enrichment relative to er status reveal elevated activity of MYC and E2F in the "basal" breast cancer subgroup.
Diabetes and the risk of multi-system aging phenotypes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of progressive resistance training on lipids and lipoproteins in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
PTGS2-899G>C and prostate cancer risk: a population-based nested case-control study (ProtecT) and a systematic review with meta-analysis.
What works in coping with HIV? A meta-analysis with implications for coping with  serious illness.
Antidepressant efficacy of high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation over  the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in double-blind sham-controlled designs:  a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids in mood disorders - a systematic review and metaanalysis.
Short-term psychodynamic psychotherapy for somatic disorders. Systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Acceptance and commitment therapy: a meta-analytic review.
Psychological intervention for premenstrual syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Nephrotoxicity of iso-osmolar iodixanol compared with nonionic low-osmolar contrast media: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Recent Data.
Hepatitis C infection and related factors in hemodialysis patients in china: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Memory training effects in old age as markers of plasticity: a meta-analysis.
[Use of antioxidants in prevention of the cardiovascular disease: meta-analysis of clinical trials].
[Effects of corticosteroids on adults with tuberculous meningitis admitted to intensive care unit: a propensity score analysis].
Procedure for prolapsed haemorrhoids versus excisional haemorrhoidectomy--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of anti-adhesion molecule therapy in patients with active Crohn's disease.
Meta-analysis of the effects of health promotion intervention in the workplace on depression and anxiety symptoms.
The antidepressive effects of exercise: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Sea-level exercise performance following adaptation to hypoxia: a meta-analysis.
Literature review and meta-analysis of topical carbonic anhydrase inhibitors and  ocular blood flow.
Microsatellite instability: a predictive marker in metastatic colorectal cancer?
Statin therapy may influence the incidence of postoperative atrial fibrillation:  what is the evidence?
Efficacy and safety of dabigatran etexilate for the prevention of venous thromboembolism following total hip or knee arthroplasty. A meta-analysis.
Linkage and association study of FcgammaR polymorphisms in celiac disease.
Smoking status and gastric cancer risk: an updated meta-analysis of case-control  studies published in the past ten years.
Effect of pacifier use on exclusive and any breastfeeding: a meta-analysis.
Ultrasound factors to predict the outcome of external cephalic version: a meta-analysis.
Dorsal onlay versus ventral onlay urethroplasty for anterior urethral stricture:  a meta-analysis.
Penile revascularization for erectile dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of effectiveness and complications.
Individual patient-data meta-analysis comparing clinical outcome in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction treated with percutaneous coronary intervention with or without prior thrombectomy. ATTEMPT study: a pooled Analysis of Trials on ThrombEctomy in acute Myocardial infarction based on individual PatienT data.
Vascular calcifications as a marker of increased cardiovascular risk: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis on the relationship between alcohol consumption and lung cancer risk].
[Tanreqing Injection for community-acquired pneumonia: a systematic review of randomized evidence].
[Evaluation of efficacy of thymosin alpha1 in the treatment of sepsis: a systematic review].
[Meta-analysis on the relationship between colorectal cancer and Helicobacter pylori infection].
[A meta-analysis on the association between maternal passive smoking during pregnancy and small-for-gestational-age infants].
A resampling-based meta-analysis for detection of differential gene expression in breast cancer.
Gene expression meta-analysis identifies metastatic pathways and transcription factors in breast cancer.
Adverse events with bismuth salts for Helicobacter pylori eradication: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of expression signatures of muscle atrophy: gene interaction networks in early and late stages.
[Clinical features and therapeutic strategies of isolated superior mesenteric artery dissection: a meta-analysis of 101 cases].
Efficacy of oxaliplatin plus capecitabine or infusional fluorouracil/leucovorin in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer: a pooled analysis of randomized trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of clinical pathways on length of stay, hospital costs and patient outcomes.
Dacron vs. PTFE as bypass materials in peripheral vascular surgery--systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of beta-adrenoceptor blockers for the treatment of vasovagal syncope].
Multiple-treatments meta-analysis of chemotherapy and targeted therapies in advanced breast cancer.
Smoking and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Long-term all-cause mortality in cancer patients with preexisting diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: are 3 questions enough to detect unhealthy alcohol use?
Conventional and molecular cytogenetics of human non-medullary thyroid carcinoma: characterization of eight cell line models and review of the literature on clinical samples.
Comparison of benefits and risks of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin from a meta-analysis of head-to-head randomized controlled trials.
Risk of cardiovascular mortality in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
[Effect of 10-minute apnoea on hiccups--a meta analysis].
Association of antipsychotic induced weight gain and body mass index with GNB3 gene: a meta-analysis.
Reducing uncertainties about the effects of chemoradiotherapy for cervical cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data from 18  randomized trials.
Perioperative beta blockers in patients having non-cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage scans of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Clinical equivalence of generic and brand-name drugs used in cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Respiratory fluoroquinolones for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Diagnostic value of antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies in patients with ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis].
Does the addition of dexamethasone to standard therapy for acute migraine headache decrease the incidence of recurrent headache for patients treated in the emergency department? A meta-analysis and systematic review of the literature.
Relapse to smoking after 1 year of abstinence: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of 40- and 64-MDCT angiography for assessing coronary artery stenosis.
Review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials of remote ischemic preconditioning in cardiovascular surgery.
NQO1 polymorphisms and de novo childhood leukemia: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Seven lipoprotein lipase gene polymorphisms, lipid fractions, and coronary disease: a HuGE association review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of nickel hypersensitivity in orthodontic patients: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the symptom structure of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Desmopressin reduces transfusion needs after surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
How much does pharmacologic prophylaxis reduce postoperative vomiting in children? Calculation of prophylaxis effectiveness and expected incidence of vomiting under treatment using Bayesian meta-analysis.
The relative efficacy of meperidine for the treatment of acute migraine: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies of dyslexia.
Effects of garlic on blood pressure in patients with and without systolic hypertension: a meta-analysis.
The placebo effect and its determinants in osteoarthritis: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Long-term cognitive outcome in moderate to severe traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis examining timed and untimed tests at 1 and 4.5 or more years after  injury.
Tumour necrosis factor (-308A) polymorphism in pre-eclampsia: meta-analysis of 16 case-control studies.
Mobile phones and brain tumours: a review of epidemiological research.
Psoas compartment block for lower extremity surgery: a meta-analysis.
Effect of sodium iron ethylenediaminetetra-acetate (NaFeEDTA) on haemoglobin and  serum ferritin in iron-deficient populations: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials.
Anticipated regret as an additional predictor in the theory of planned behaviour: a meta-analysis.
Smooth pursuit in schizophrenia: a meta-analytic review of research since 1993.
N-acetylcysteine to reduce renal failure after cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Target sequence polymorphism of human manganese superoxide dismutase gene and its association with cancer risk: a review.
Effect of bariatric surgery on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sexual risk factors and bacterial vaginosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Another look at impulsivity: a meta-analytic review comparing specific dispositions to rash action in their relationship to bulimic symptoms.
A meta-analytic review of the relationships between the five-factor model and DSM-IV-TR personality disorders: a facet level analysis.
Psychological treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Moderate alcohol drinking might be protective for systemic lupus erythematosus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Eye care in the intensive care unit: narrative review and meta-analysis.
Depression and diabetes treatment nonadherence: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes and risk of Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Depression and type 2 diabetes over the lifespan: a meta-analysis.
Pioglitazone and cardiovascular risk. A comprehensive meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Ethnic difference in inter-East Asian subjects with normal glucose tolerance and  impaired glucose regulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis focusing on fasting serum insulin.
An association of adverse psychosocial factors with diabetes mellitus: a meta-analytic review of longitudinal cohort studies.
A meta-analysis of comparing fine-needle aspiration and frozen section for evaluating thyroid nodules.
Screening colonoscopy for colorectal cancer in asymptomatic people: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of probiotics in irritable bowel syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Role of adjunctive thrombectomy and embolic protection devices in acute myocardial infarction: a comprehensive meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Adjunctive manual thrombectomy improves myocardial perfusion and mortality in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention for ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Peginterferon vs. interferon in the treatment of different HCV genotype infections in HIV patients.
Thyroid papillary microcarcinoma: a descriptive and meta-analysis study.
Axillary recurrence after a tumour-negative sentinel node biopsy in breast cancer patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Stent-protected angioplasty versus carotid endarterectomy in patients with carotid artery stenosis: meta-analysis of randomized trial data.
The use of estradiol for luteal phase support in in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection cycles: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early glycoprotein IIb-IIIa inhibitors in primary angioplasty (EGYPT) cooperation: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Warfarin for the prevention of systemic embolism in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Effect of CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms on the efficacy of proton pump inhibitor-based triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication: a meta-analysis.
Does team training improve team performance? A meta-analysis.
Association of the GNAS locus with severe malaria.
Sperm DNA damage is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy loss after IVF and ICSI: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reproductive outcome after transplantation of ovarian tissue: a systematic review.
Outcome of secondary root canal treatment: a systematic review of the literature.
Sildenafil for pulmonary hypertension: need for evidence generation.
Mechanical bowel preparation for colorectal surgery: a meta-analysis on abdominal and systemic complications on almost 5,000 patients.
Omentoplasty in the prevention of anastomotic leakage after colorectal resection: a meta-analysis.
The effect of smoking after surgery for Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Leg wound infections following greater saphenous vein harvesting: minimally invasive vein harvesting versus conventional vein harvesting.
Strategies for the prevention and control of obesity in the school setting: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta- and pooled analyses of the effect of glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 deficiency on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Closed suction surgical wound drainage after hip fracture surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Adjuvant materials in anterior vaginal wall prolapse surgery: a systematic review of effectiveness and complications.
Natriuretic peptides in acute pulmonary embolism: a systematic review.
Screening tests for detecting open-angle glaucoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is acupuncture beneficial in depression: a meta-analysis of 8 randomized controlled trials?
Oxidative stress markers in bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis.
The survival advantage of milk and dairy consumption: an overview of evidence from cohort studies of vascular diseases, diabetes and cancer.
Effective exercise for the prevention of falls: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Minimally invasive direct coronary artery bypass grafting: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of transilluminated powered phlebectomy for superficial varicosities.
A quantitative and qualitative review of neurocognitive performance in pediatric  bipolar disorder.
Research review: the relation between child and parent anxiety and parental control: a meta-analytic review.
Clinical review: treatment of pediatric obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
The conclusions on the effectiveness of homeopathy highly depend on the set of analyzed trials.
Treatment outcome of immediate, early and conventional single-tooth implants in the aesthetic zone: a systematic review to survival, bone level, soft-tissue, aesthetics and patient satisfaction.
A meta-analysis of the risk of acute extrapyramidal symptoms with intramuscular antipsychotics for the treatment of agitation.
Psychotherapy for depression in adults: a meta-analysis of comparative outcome studies.
Cabergoline therapy and the risk of cardiac valve regurgitation in patients with  hyperprolactinemia: a meta-analysis from clinical studies.
Periodontal disease and coronary heart disease incidence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of prostaglandin analogs: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Meta-analysis to assess risk factors for recurrent Clostridium difficile infection.
A Bayesian meta-analysis comparing AngioJet thrombectomy to percutaneous coronary intervention alone in acute myocardial infarction.
Effects of low-dose corticosteroids on the bone mineral density of patients with  rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: prophylactic drainage and bleeding complications in thyroid surgery.
Antimicrobial central venous catheters in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies four new susceptibility  loci for colorectal cancer.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association study data identifies additional type 1  diabetes risk loci.
FMRI signals associated with memory strength in the medial temporal lobes: a meta-analysis.
[Treatment of acute pharyngo-tonsillitis using using anti-bacterial agents--current concepts based on meta analysis].
Ursodeoxycholic acid in the prevention of gallstone formation after bariatric surgery: a meta-analysis.
The effect of thickened-feed interventions on gastroesophageal reflux in infants: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Prenatal screening for serious congenital heart defects using nuchal translucency: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of psycho-behavioral obesity interventions among US multiethnic and minority adults.
Recent decline in nonpaternity rates: a cross-temporal meta-analysis.
Low-level arsenic exposure in drinking water and bladder cancer: a review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effects of exercise interventions on functional status in older adults.
Interleukin-1 promoter region polymorphism role in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of IL-1B-511A/G variant reveals association with rheumatoid arthritis.
Operative time and other outcomes of the electrothermal bipolar vessel sealing system (LigaSure) versus other methods for surgical hemostasis: a meta-analysis.
Effect of heated and humidified carbon dioxide on patients after laparoscopic procedures: a meta-analysis.
Complications of robotic assisted radical prostatectomy.
[Effect of endemic fluorosis on children's intelligence development: a Meta analysis].
[Comparison of total body irradiation-cyclophosphamide versus busulphan-cyclophosphamide as conditioning regimens for myelogenous leukemia: a meta-analysis].
[Evaluation on HBeAg conversion time when treating chronic hepatitis B patients with combination of lamivudine and traditional Chinese medicine].
Inhaled corticosteroids in patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Primary prevention of cardiovascular mortality and events with statin treatments: a network meta-analysis involving more than 65,000 patients.
XRCC1 genetic polymorphism Arg399Gln and gastric cancer risk: A meta-analysis.
Comparison of laser epithelial keratomileusis and photorefractive keratectomy for the correction of myopia: a meta-analysis.
Risk of venous thromboembolism with the angiogenesis inhibitor bevacizumab in cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Effects of G/A polymorphism, rs266882, in the androgen response element 1 of the  PSA gene on prostate cancer risk, survival and circulating PSA levels.
[Diagnostic value of anti-alpha-fodrin antibody testing for Sjögren's syndrome: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis comparison (nine trials) of outcomes with drug-eluting stents versus bare metal stents in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Cryoablation or radiofrequency ablation of the small renal mass : a meta-analysis.
The prognostic value of serum S100B in patients with cutaneous melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Effect of fibre, antispasmodics, and peppermint oil in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of extended lymphadenectomy on morbidity, mortality, recurrence and 5-year survival after gastrectomy for cancer. Meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Long-term antidepressant treatment in bipolar disorder: meta-analyses of benefits and risks.
Meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies of the corpus callosum in bipolar disorder.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of studies using the STRATIFY tool for prediction of falls in hospital patients: how well does it work?
Effectiveness of simulated presence therapy for individuals with dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Circumcision and HIV infection: assessment of causality.
A meta-analysis of disclosure of one's HIV-positive status, stigma and social support.
Meta-analysis: Treatment of hepatitis B infection reduces risk of hepatocellular  carcinoma.
Meta-analysis of determinants for pet ownership in 12 European birth cohorts on asthma and allergies: a GA2LEN initiative.
Fructose consumption and consequences for glycation, plasma triacylglycerol, and  body weight: meta-analyses and meta-regression models of intervention studies.
The risk of developing Crohn's disease after an appendectomy: a meta-analysis.
Early versus delayed feeding after placement of a percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy: a meta-analysis.
Intravenous versus oral iron supplementation for the treatment of anemia in CKD:  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of L-carnitine on dialysis-related hypotension and muscle cramps: a meta-analysis.
Pioglitazone and the risk of myocardial infarction and other major adverse cardiac events: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the utility of pre-operative brain natriuretic peptide in predicting early and intermediate-term mortality and major adverse cardiac events in vascular surgical patients.
Efficacy of probiotics in the treatment of pediatric atopic dermatitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk of angioedema with angiotensin receptor blockers in patients with prior angioedema associated with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors: a meta-analysis.
The association between physical activity and osteoporotic fractures: a review of the evidence and implications for future research.
TNF gene polymorphisms in Graves' disease: TNF-308 A/G meta-analysis.
Addition of thiazolidinedione or exenatide to oral agents in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of bariatric surgery for pediatric obesity.
The impact of prophylactic dexamethasone on nausea and vomiting after laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does the presence of circulating tumor cells in the venous drainage of curative colorectal cancer resections determine prognosis? A meta-analysis.
Interleukin-6 (-174C) polymorphism and the risk of sepsis in very low birth weight infants: meta-analysis.
Homocysteine and depression in later life.
Effectiveness of oral vs rectal acetaminophen: a meta-analysis.
Enteral nutrition and the risk of mortality and infectious complications in patients with severe acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
[Adverse effects associated with facial application of botulinum toxin: a systematic review with meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of the effect of MDR1 C3435T polymorphism on cyclosporine pharmacokinetics.
Meta-analysis of intravenous lidocaine and postoperative recovery after abdominal surgery.
Vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and the risk of cutaneous melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and prevention of colorectal adenoma: a meta-analysis.
Functional coactivation map of the human brain.
Children's responses to interparental conflict: a meta-analysis of their associations with child adjustment.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of interventions used to reduce exposure to house dust and their effect on the development and severity of asthma.
Diagnostic accuracy, reproducibility and robustness of fibrosis blood tests in chronic hepatitis C: a meta-analysis with individual data.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of ovarian cancers: estimation of microsatellite-high frequency and characterization of mismatch repair deficient tumor histology.
Infliximab and methotrexate in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of dosage regimens.
The rate of decline of joint space width in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials of chondroitin sulfate .
Efficacy of periodontal treatment on glycaemic control in diabetic patients: A meta-analysis of interventional studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the treatment for Barrett's esophagus.
Meta-analysis of depression and substance use and impairment among cocaine users.
Measurement and reporting of the duration of untreated psychosis.
Effectiveness of vaccinating household contacts in addition to chemoprophylaxis after a case of meningococcal disease: a systematic review.
Clinical benefit of steroid use in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass: a  meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Interleukin-10 -1082 promoter polymorphism associated with gastric cancer among Asians.
Burnout in cancer professionals: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Minimally invasive mitral valve surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ischaemic preconditioning during cardiac surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis of perioperative outcomes in randomised clinical trials.
Rifaximin versus nonabsorbable disaccharides in the management of hepatic encephalopathy: a meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of adjuvant chemotherapy after curative resection for gastric cancer.
A comparison of pancreaticoduodenectomy with pylorus preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis of 2822 patients.
Laparoscopic versus open colorectal resection for cancer: a meta-analysis of results of randomized controlled trials on recurrence.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of endovascular repair (EVAR) for ruptured  abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Transposed brachial-basilic arteriovenous fistulas versus prosthetic upper limb grafts: a meta-analysis.
Graded compression ultrasonography and computed tomography in acute colonic diverticulitis: meta-analysis of test accuracy.
GenoType MTBDR assays for the diagnosis of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of paracetamol for non-specific low back pain.
Extended-release epidural morphine (DepoDur): review and safety analysis.
[Contribution to survival rate improvement].
Meta-analysis of the placebo rates of clinical relapse and severe endoscopic recurrence in postoperative Crohn's disease.
Diagnostic utility of alarm features for colorectal cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Needle track seeding following biopsy of liver lesions in the diagnosis of hepatocellular cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
64-Slice computed tomography angiography in the diagnosis and assessment of coronary artery disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of letrozole in assisted reproduction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The influence of the number of follicles on pregnancy rates in intrauterine insemination with ovarian stimulation: a meta-analysis.
Changes in home versus clinic blood pressure with antihypertensive treatments: a  meta-analysis.
Clinical impact of duloxetine treatment on sleep in patients with major depressive disorder.
The efficacy of dental floss in addition to a toothbrush on plaque and parameters of gingival inflammation: a systematic review.
The clinical significance of subjective memory complaints in the diagnosis of mild cognitive impairment and dementia: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopically assisted versus open surgery for endometrial cancer--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Immunonutrition in critically ill patients: a systematic review and analysis of the literature.
The use of propofol for medium and long-term sedation in critically ill adult patients: a meta-analysis.
Excessive reassurance seeking, depression, and interpersonal rejection: a meta-analytic review.
Consistent impaired verbal memory in PTSD: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of amygdala volumes in children and adolescents with bipolar disorder.
Efficacy of sodium hypochlorite and chlorhexidine against Enterococcus faecalis--a systematic review.
Does stereotype threat affect test performance of minorities and women? A meta-analysis of experimental evidence.
The use of antifibrinolytic agents in spine surgery. A meta-analysis.
Electrical stimulation for long-bone fracture-healing: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Does randomized evidence support sertraline as first-line antidepressant for adults with acute major depression? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Are psychological and pharmacologic interventions equally effective in the treatment of adult depressive disorders? A meta-analysis of comparative studies.
Role of prophylactic antibiotics in laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis.
Mechanical bowel preparation in intestinal surgery: a meta-analysis and review of the literature.
Does depression cause obesity?: A meta-analysis of longitudinal studies of depression and weight control.
Hepatitis C infection and risk of diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular risk and cardiometabolic protection: role of glitazones.
Therapy of hepatitis C virus-associated glomerulonephritis: current approaches.
Dipyridamole plus aspirin versus aspirin alone in secondary prevention after TIA  or stroke: a meta-analysis by risk.
A review of published quantitative experimental studies on factors affecting laboratory fume hood performance.
Work health promotion, job well-being, and sickness absences--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of clinical trials comparing mirtazapine with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
The effectiveness of psychological interventions for the treatment of erectile dysfunction: systematic review and meta-analysis, including comparisons to sildenafil treatment, intracavernosal injection, and vacuum devices.
Factor V Leiden is associated with pre-eclampsia but not with fetal growth restriction: a genetic association study and meta-analysis.
Surveillance of arteriovenous hemodialysis access: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Autogenous versus prosthetic vascular access for hemodialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of endovascular vs open repair for traumatic descending thoracic aortic rupture.
The use of an inflammation-modulating diet in patients with acute lung injury or  acute respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis of outcome data.
The safety and efficacy of gefitinib versus platinum-based doublets chemotherapy  as the first-line treatment for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer patients in East Asia: a meta-analysis.
Homocysteine level and coronary heart disease incidence: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Amygdala volume in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Cognitive impairments in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on XRCC1 R399Q and R194W polymorphisms, smoking and bladder cancer risk.
Comparison of coronary revascularization procedures in octogenarians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Golgi protein GOLM1 is a tissue and urine biomarker of prostate cancer.
The impact of maternal BMI status on pregnancy outcomes with immediate short-term obstetric resource implications: a meta-analysis.
External cephalic version-related risks: a meta-analysis.
The impact of components of fine particulate matter on cardiovascular mortality in susceptible subpopulations.
Interleukin 1beta-511T gene (IL1beta) polymorphism is correlated with gastric cancer in the Caucasian population: results from a meta-analysis.
Valproic acid and all-trans retinoic acid: meta-analysis of a palliative treatment regimen in AML and MDS patients.
A meta-analysis of reinforcement sensitivity theory: on performance parameters in reinforcement tasks.
Identifying SLAP lesions: a meta-analysis of clinical tests and exercise in clinical reasoning.
Effects of megestrol acetate in patients with cancer anorexia-cachexia syndrome--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The safety of formoterol among patients with asthma using inhaled corticosteroids. Systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of 25 years of mood-creativity research: hedonic tone, activation, or regulatory focus?
ADHD and Stroop interference from age 9 to age 41 years: a meta-analysis of developmental effects.
Association between polymorphisms of microsomal epoxide hydrolase and COPD: results from meta-analyses.
Can sibutramine alter systemic blood pressure in obese patients? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of genital tract infections on HIV-1 shedding in the genital tract: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Frequency and predictors of ventilator-associated pneumonia recurrence: a meta-analysis.
Prophylactic antibiotics in necrotizing pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Impact of fever on outcome in patients with stroke and neurologic injury: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
UroVysion FISH test for detecting urothelial cancers: meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy and comparison with urinary cytology testing.
[Outcomes after minimally invasive total knee replacement--a meta-analysis].
[A Meta-analysis on the risk factors of perinatal congenital heart disease in Chinese people].
[A Meta-analysis on the association between adiponectin gene 45T/G/276G/T polymorphisms and type 2 diabetes in Chinese population].
Patients' preferences within randomised trials: systematic review and patient level meta-analysis.
Association between fecal bile acids and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Boolean implication networks derived from large scale, whole genome microarray datasets.
Temporal sequence of clinical manifestation in schizophrenia with co-morbid OCD:  review and meta-analysis.
Genetic association between the dopamine D3 gene polymorphism (Ser9Gly) and schizophrenia in Japanese populations: evidence from a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Case-control study and meta-analysis of SULT1A1 Arg213His polymorphism for gene,  ethnicity and environment interaction for cancer risk.
The relationship between proteinuria and coronary risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Effectiveness and safety of proton pump inhibitor and levofloxacin based first-line triple therapy in the eradication of Helicobacter pylori: a meta-analysis].
Prophylactic administration of parenteral steroids for preventing airway complications after extubation in adults: meta-analysis of randomised placebo controlled trials.
Endoscopic thyroidectomy: an evidence-based research on feasibility, safety and clinical effectiveness.
Are antibiotics indicated as an initial treatment for patients with acute upper respiratory tract infections? A review.
Effect of adjunctive loperamide in combination with antibiotics on treatment outcomes in traveler's diarrhea: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Betel quid not containing tobacco and oral leukoplakia: a report on a cross-sectional study in Papua New Guinea and a meta-analysis of current evidence.
Breast cancer and use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the Chinese literature for the treatment of achalasia.
Safety and efficacy of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor for patients with recent myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Minimally invasive treatments for benign prostatic enlargement: systematic review of randomised controlled trials.
Organising health care services for persons with an intellectual disability.
Admission avoidance hospital at home.
Relaxation for depression.
Blood pressure lowering efficacy of renin inhibitors for primary hypertension.
Acupuncture and assisted conception.
Platinum versus non-platinum chemotherapy regimens for small cell lung cancer.
Immunoglobulin prophylaxis in hematological malignancies and hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Physical training for interstitial lung disease.
Pain relief for the removal of femoral sheath in interventional cardiology adult  patients.
Interval debulking surgery for advanced epithelial ovarian cancer.
Procaine treatments for cognition and dementia.
Interventions for preventing venous thromboembolism in adults undergoing knee arthroscopy.
Exercise for osteoarthritis of the knee.
Exercise for depression.
Rehabilitation after lumbar disc surgery.
Medical adjuvant treatment to increase patency of arteriovenous fistulae and grafts.
Surgery for small asymptomatic abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Support surfaces for pressure ulcer prevention.
Local versus general anaesthesia for carotid endarterectomy.
Circumcision status and risk of HIV and sexually transmitted infections among men who have sex with men: a meta-analysis.
Dietary glycaemic index, glycaemic load and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiac resynchronization in patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy of cisplatin and fluorouracil regimen in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of transesophageal echocardiography for  assessment of atherosclerosis in the ascending aorta in patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
Consistency of immigrant and country-of-birth suicide rates: a meta-analysis.
Implicit cognition and substance use: a meta-analysis.
Natural history of hepatitis C virus infection in HIV-infected individuals and the impact of HIV in the era of highly active antiretroviral therapy: a meta-analysis.
CD4+ guided antiretroviral treatment interruption in HIV infection: a meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of adjunctive balloon remodeling during endovascular treatment of intracranial aneurysms: a literature review.
Meta-analysis: high-dose proton pump inhibitors vs. standard dose in triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Meta-analysis: narrow band imaging for lesion characterization in the colon, oesophagus, duodenal ampulla and lung.
Efficacy of mometasone furoate nasal spray in the treatment of allergic rhinitis. Meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trials.
Determining the most appropriate components for a composite clinical trial outcome.
Effect of glucomannan on plasma lipid and glucose concentrations, body weight, and blood pressure: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the quantity of calcium excretion associated with the net acid excretion of the modern diet under the acid-ash diet hypothesis.
Statins are not associated with a reduced risk of pancreatic cancer at the population level, when taken at low doses for managing hypercholesterolemia: evidence from a meta-analysis of 12 studies.
Preventing childhood falls at home: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Preventing the onset of depressive disorders: a meta-analytic review of psychological interventions.
Electrocardiographic criteria for detecting acute myocardial infarction in patients with left bundle branch block: a meta-analysis.
HPV in oral squamous cell carcinoma vs head and neck squamous cell carcinoma biopsies: a meta-analysis (1988-2007).
Meta-analysis of experimental data concerning antimicrobial resistance gene transfer rates during conjugation.
Management of delayed postoperative hemorrhage after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis.
Protective effects of epidural analgesia on pulmonary complications after abdominal and thoracic surgery: a meta-analysis.
Epilepsy in autism is associated with intellectual disability and gender: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Red ginseng for treating erectile dysfunction: a systematic review.
Polymorphisms of the Z protein protease inhibitor and risk of venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of clinical trials on family intervention in schizophrenia].
Cyclin D1 Pro241Pro (CCND1-G870A) polymorphism is associated with increased cancer risk in human populations: a meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori and esophageal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Mutations in the HFE gene and cardiovascular disease risk: an individual patient  data meta-analysis of 53 880 subjects.
Systematic review of cemented and uncemented hemiarthroplasty outcomes for femoral neck fractures.
Local anaesthetic for post-tonsillectomy pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relations among peritraumatic dissociation and posttraumatic stress: a meta-analysis.
Short- versus long-course antibiotic therapy for acute pyelonephritis in adolescents and adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of community-based intervention using depression screening on elderly suicide risk: a meta-analysis of the evidence from Japan.
The effect of a quantitative resuscitation strategy on mortality in patients with sepsis: a meta-analysis.
Winners and losers at the rosiglitazone gamble A meta-analytical approach at the  definition of the cardiovascular risk profile of rosiglitazone.
Family interventions and their effect on adolescent alcohol use in general populations; a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Psychosocial interventions for disruptive and aggressive behaviour in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Associations between XPC polymorphisms and risk of cancers: A meta-analysis.
Statins and cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Empirical antifungal therapy for patients with neutropenia and persistent fever:  Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and susceptibility to gastric cancer in Chinese populations: a meta-analysis.
Marital status and cardiac rehabilitation attendance: a meta-analysis.
Non-sustained ventricular tachycardia as a predictor of sudden cardiac death in patients with left ventricular dysfunction: a meta-analysis.
Oncologic outcomes of laparoscopic surgery for rectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials with antimuscarinic drugs for overactive bladder.
Role of coculture in human in vitro fertilization: a meta-analysis.
Oral contraceptive pill pretreatment in ovarian stimulation with GnRH antagonists for IVF: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of Diane-35 and metformin in treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome:  an updated systematic review.
Helicobacter pylori infection and iron stores: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori.
Switching from suppressive protease inhibitor-based regimens to nevirapine-based  regimens: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The 2005 meta-analysis of homeopathy: the importance of post-publication data.
What is the most valid comparison treatment in trials of intrauterine insemination, timed or uninfluenced intercourse? A systematic review and meta-analysis of indirect evidence.
Effectiveness of cataract surgery in reducing driving-related difficulties: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of HMG CoA reductase inhibitors on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and C-reactive protein: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the vascular-related safety profile and efficacy of alpha-adrenergic blockers for symptoms related to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Folate intake, markers of folate status and oral clefts: is the evidence converging?
Passive smoking and breast cancer in never smokers: prospective study and meta-analysis.
Adenoidectomy outcomes in pediatric rhinosinusitis: a meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus type-distribution in condylomata acuminata of mainland China: a meta-analysis.
Early laparoscopy versus active observation in acute abdominal pain: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Progression-free survival as a surrogate endpoint in advanced breast cancer.
A meta-analysis of psychotherapy and medication in unipolar depression and dysthymia.
Traditional Chinese medicine plus transcatheter arterial chemoembolization for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma.
Adjunctive therapies for community-acquired pneumonia: a systematic review.
The Gly482Ser genotype at the PPARGC1A gene and elevated blood pressure: a meta-analysis involving 13,949 individuals.
Asthma and swimming: a meta-analysis.
Comparing active pediatric obesity treatments using meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy of tuina for cervical spondylosis.
Chemotherapy in addition to supportive care improves survival in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data from 16 randomized controlled trials.
Antidepressant-associated mood elevations in bipolar II disorder compared with bipolar I disorder and major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Flare-ups after endodontic treatment: a meta-analysis of literature.
Simple decompression versus anterior subcutaneous and submuscular transposition of the ulnar nerve for cubital tunnel syndrome: a meta-analysis.
The risks associated with short-term placebo-controlled antihypertensive clinical trials: a descriptive meta-analysis.
Treatment of cervical artery dissection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Work strain, health, and absenteeism: a meta-analysis.
Lymph node metastases from auricular squamous cell carcinoma. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pexelizumab in ischemic heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis on 15,196 patients.
Pegylated-interferon and ribavirin in liver transplant candidates and recipients  with HCV cirrhosis: systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective controlled studies.
Effectiveness of long-term psychodynamic psychotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Assessment of somatic k-RAS mutations as a mechanism associated with resistance to EGFR-targeted agents: a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer and metastatic colorectal cancer.
Dependence of hearing changes on the dose of intratympanically applied gentamicin: a meta-analysis using mathematical simulations of clinical drug delivery protocols.
Radiofrequency ablation for the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea: a meta-analysis.
[Systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiology, prophylaxis and therapy of  infections with viral hepatitis B and C in Polish paediatric oncology centres].
Meta-analysis of 5-year outcomes of CABG vs PCI with stenting in patients with multivessel disease.
Common variants at CD40 and other loci confer risk of rheumatoid arthritis.
Effect of milk tripeptides on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Radiographic osteoarthritis at three joint sites and FRZB, LRP5, and LRP6 polymorphisms in two population-based cohorts.
Meta-analysis of prophylactic allopurinol use in post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis.
Prophylactic octreotide administration does not prevent post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lessons from TGN1412 and TARGET: implications for observational studies and meta-analysis.
Sinomenine versus NSAIDs for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
A longer course of varenicline therapy improves smoking cessation rates.
Meta-analysis of the effects of smokefree laws on acute myocardial infarction: an update.
Meta-analysis of major depressive disorder relapse and recurrence with second-generation antidepressants.
A meta-analysis examining the relations among pathological gambling, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and obsessive-compulsive traits.
Epidemiology of hepatitis C virus infection among injection drug users in China:  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acute appendicitis: meta-analysis of diagnostic performance of CT and graded compression US related to prevalence of disease.
Effectiveness of interventions in preventing injuries in agriculture--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and tolerability of pramipexole versus ropinirole in the treatment of restless legs syndrome.
Assessing the effectiveness of interventions to promote advance directives among  older adults: a systematic review and multi-level analysis.
XRCC1 genetic polymorphisms and bladder cancer susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
[Cohort studies on cancer mortality of digestive system among workers exposed to  asbestos: a meta-analysis].
[The efficacy of preoperative portal vein embolization for extended hepatectomy:  a meta-analysis].
Neural correlates of self-face recognition: an effect-location meta-analysis.
Relative risk of diabetes, dyslipidaemia, hypertension and the metabolic syndrome in people with severe mental illnesses: systematic review and metaanalysis.
Inhaled anticholinergics and risk of major adverse cardiovascular events in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of inherited thrombophilia on venous thromboembolism in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Beta-blockers for primary prevention of heart failure in patients with hypertension insights from a meta-analysis.
The effect of long-term homocysteine-lowering on carotid intima-media thickness and flow-mediated vasodilation in stroke patients: a randomized controlled trial  and meta-analysis.
Early trauma-focused cognitive-behavioural therapy to prevent chronic post-traumatic stress disorder and related symptoms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Perinatal mortality and other severe adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia: meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: zinc supplementation for acute gastroenteritis in children.
Systematic review: primary and secondary prevention of gastrointestinal cancers with antioxidant supplements.
Effect of therapeutic exercise for hip osteoarthritis pain: results of a meta-analysis.
Serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor, depression, and antidepressant medications: meta-analyses and implications.
Course and prognostic factors of whiplash: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The evolving transcriptome of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a systematic review.
[Therapeutic clinical effect of radiofrequency ablation for small hepatocellular  carcinoma in cirrhotic patients: a meta-analysis].
Effect of music on procedure time and sedation during colonoscopy: a meta-analysis.
Continuous wound infusion of local anaesthetic agents following colorectal surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of hepatitis C virus coinfection on HIV-related kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet and health status: meta-analysis.
Internet-based learning in the health professions: a meta-analysis.
Long-term safety and efficacy of percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting and coronary artery bypass surgery for multivessel coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis with 5-year patient-level data from the ARTS, ERACI-II, MASS-II, and SoS trials.
A meta-analysis of 17 randomized trials of a percutaneous coronary intervention-based strategy in patients with stable coronary artery disease.
Autism and serotonin transporter gene polymorphisms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of the serotonin transporter polymorphism and obsessive-compulsive disorder: systematic review.
No association with the 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene and major depressive disorder: results of the depression case control (DeCC) study and a meta-analysis.
Anemia and mortality in heart failure patients a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of CT and MR perfusion imaging for assessment of acute cerebrovascular disease.
Meta-analysis: allopurinol in the prevention of postendoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis.
Meta-analysis: Helicobacter pylori'test and treat' compared with empirical acid suppression for managing dyspepsia.
Meta-analysis: factors predicting post-operative recurrence with placebo therapy  in patients with Crohn's disease.
Meta-analysis: tumour invasion-related genetic polymorphisms and gastric cancer susceptibility.
An early invasive strategy versus ischemia-guided management after fibrinolytic therapy for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of contemporary randomized controlled trials.
Current role of sodium bicarbonate-based preprocedural hydration for the prevention of contrast-induced acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis.
Low-protein diet for diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Passive smoking and inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
The risk of oral contraceptives in the etiology of inflammatory bowel disease: a  meta-analysis.
Preoperative steroid use and risk of postoperative complications in patients with inflammatory bowel disease undergoing abdominal surgery.
Climate variables as predictors of basal metabolic rate: new equations.
Prevalence, causes, and consequences of masked hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Antiproteinuric response to dual blockade of the renin-angiotensin system in primary glomerulonephritis: meta-analysis and metaregression.
The effect of pentoxifylline on proteinuria in diabetic kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
Arthroscopic versus mini-open rotator cuff repair: a comprehensive review and meta-analysis.
Use of isotonic sodium bicarbonate to prevent radiocontrast nephropathy in patients with mild pre-existing renal impairment: a meta-analysis.
Sensitivity of patient outcomes to pharmacist interventions. Part III: systematic review and meta-analysis in hyperlipidemia management.
Prospective meta-analysis of interleukin 1 gene complex polymorphisms confirms associations with ankylosing spondylitis.
Environmental tobacco smoke and fetal health: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis, database, and meta-regression of 98 structural imaging studies in  bipolar disorder.
Use of antiemetic agents in acute gastroenteritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review, meta-analysis and regression of randomised controlled trials reporting an association between an intake of circa 25 g soya protein per day and blood cholesterol.
Effectiveness of the Triple P Positive Parenting Program on behavioral problems in children: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of acupuncture in in vitro fertilisation.
Meta-analysis of walking for preservation of bone mineral density in postmenopausal women.
Efficacy and tolerability of biologic and nonbiologic systemic treatments for moderate-to-severe psoriasis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Dermoscopy compared with naked eye examination for the diagnosis of primary melanoma: a meta-analysis of studies performed in a clinical setting.
Is heart rate a convenient tool to monitor over-reaching? A systematic review of  the literature.
Systematic review of randomized controlled trials of the effectiveness of biofeedback for pelvic floor dysfunction.
Association between proton pump inhibitors and respiratory infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Smoking and gastric cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Height and prostate cancer risk: a large nested case-control study (ProtecT) and  meta-analysis.
Comparing physically abusive, neglectful, and non-maltreating parents during interactions with their children: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Parenting interventions and the prevention of unintentional injuries in childhood: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comprehensive meta-analysis of Triple P-Positive Parenting Program using hierarchical linear modeling: effectiveness and moderating variables.
Dose-response relationship for risk of non-vertebral fracture with inhaled corticosteroids.
Emergence of drug resistance in HIV type 1-infected patients after receipt of first-line highly active antiretroviral therapy: a systematic review of clinical  trials.
Racial differences in blood pressure response to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors in children: a meta-analysis.
No evidence for a differential deficit of reality monitoring in schizophrenia: a  meta-analysis of the associative memory literature.
Recombinant human hepatocyte growth factor for liver failure.
Addressing insulin resistance in Type 1 diabetes.
Evaluating the role of LPIN1 variation in insulin resistance, body weight, and human lipodystrophy in U.K. Populations.
Is the presence of retinopathy of practical value in defining cases of diabetic nephropathy in genetic association studies? The experience with the ACE insertion/deletion polymorphism in 53 studies comprising 17,791 subjects.
Cognitive function in children with type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of quality of life outcomes following diabetes self-management training.
Ethnic difference in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in inter-East Asian populations: a systematic review and meta-analysis focusing on fasting serum insulin.
A meta-analysis on the efficacy of probiotics for maintenance of remission and prevention of clinical and endoscopic relapse in Crohn's disease.
Accuracy of endoscopic ultrasound in the diagnosis of distal and celiac axis lymph node metastasis in esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Is rectal washout effective for preventing localized recurrence after anterior resection for rectal cancer?
Adrenomedullary, adrenocortical, and sympathoneural responses to stressors: a meta-analysis.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with epilepsy: a systematic review and meta-analysis  of published pregnancy registries and cohorts.
Therapeutic use of Cannabis sativa on chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting among cancer patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ischaemic stroke in hypertensive patients is associated with variations in the PDE4D genome region.
Long-term progression at individual mean intraocular pressure levels in primary open-angle and exfoliative glaucoma.
Solitary pulmonary nodules and masses: a meta-analysis of the diagnostic utility  of alternative imaging tests.
The effects of antimuscarinic treatments in overactive bladder: an update of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does high body mass index increase the risk of miscarriage after spontaneous and  assisted conception? A meta-analysis of the evidence.
FibroTest-ActiTest as a non-invasive marker of liver fibrosis.
A meta-analysis of rectal NSAIDs in the prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis.
The current role of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in the management of cervical carcinoma.
Fine-needle aspiration cytology in a regional head and neck cancer center: comparison with a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do conscientious individuals live longer? A quantitative review.
Gene therapy as a novel therapeutic option in the treatment of peripheral vascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stapled versus Ferguson hemorrhoidectomy: is there any evidence-based information?
Meta-analysis of different test indicators: Helicobacter pylori infection and the risk of colorectal cancer.
Drug-metabolising enzyme polymorphisms and predisposition to anti-tuberculosis drug-induced liver injury: a meta-analysis.
Nurses' responses to ethical dilemmas in nursing practice: meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of combination therapy for smoking cessation.
Short- versus long-duration antimicrobial treatment for exacerbations of chronic  bronchitis: a meta-analysis.
Do peers make the place? Conceptual synthesis and meta-analysis of coworker effects on perceptions, attitudes, OCBs, and performance.
Further evidence for the validity of assessment center dimensions: a meta-analysis of the incremental criterion-related validity of dimension ratings.
Affective outcomes of virtual reality exposure therapy for anxiety and specific phobias: a meta-analysis.
Hemodynamic performance of stentless versus stented valves: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laser application in non-surgical periodontal therapy: a systematic review.
Cytokine gene polymorphisms in periodontal disease: a meta-analysis of 53 studies including 4178 cases and 4590 controls.
Evidence that patients with single versus recurrent depressive episodes are differentially sensitive to treatment discontinuation: a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled randomized trials.
Mirtazapine versus other antidepressants in the acute-phase treatment of adults with major depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Transnasal endoscopic repair of choanal atresia: results of 13 cases and meta-analysis.
Revisiting the duration of vasomotor symptoms of menopause: a meta-analysis.
The angiotensinogen gene M235T polymorphism and development of preeclampsia/eclampsia: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of observational studies.
Masked hypertension: a systematic review.
Adjuvant chemotherapy in oesophageal cancer: a meta-analysis and experience from  the Shanghai Cancer Hospital.
Corticosteroids reduce postoperative morbidity after third molar surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of real-time polymerase chain reaction versus anaerobic culture in detection of Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans and Porphyromonas gingivalis:  a meta-analysis.
Provocation of obsessive-compulsive symptoms: a quantitative voxel-based meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies.
The evaluation of school-based violence prevention programs: a meta-analysis.
Intake of vitamin D and risk of breast cancer--a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the accuracy of prostate cancer studies which use magnetic resonance spectroscopy as a diagnostic tool.
Comparison of antibiotics with placebo for treatment of acute sinusitis: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Rethinking the heterosexual infectivity of HIV-1: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment of invasive candidal infections: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of dengue vector control interventions on entomological parameters in developing countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Micronuclei frequency in peripheral blood lymphocytes of cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Identification of loci associated with schizophrenia by genome-wide association and follow-up.
Association between cytokine gene polymorphisms and outcomes in renal transplantation: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Role of fluorodeoxyglucose-PET versus fluorodeoxyglucose-PET/computed tomography  in detection of unknown primary tumor: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Obesity in Mediterranean region (1997-2007): a systematic review.
Head-to-head studies evaluating efficacy of pharmaco-therapy for obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of codon 16 and codon 27 beta 2-adrenergic receptor gene polymorphisms with obesity: a meta-analysis.
Review and meta-analysis of pharmacotherapy for binge-eating disorder.
Does the hip powder of Rosa canina (rosehip) reduce pain in osteoarthritis patients?--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of mu-opioid antagonists in the treatment of opioid-induced bowel dysfunction: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Using decision-analysis and meta-analysis to predict coronary artery bypass surgical outcomes - a model for comparing off-pump surgery to miniaturized cardiopulmonary bypass circuits.
Omega-3 PUFA: good or bad for prostate cancer?
Sex differences in left-handedness: a meta-analysis of 144 studies.
The effectiveness of psychotherapeutic interventions for bereaved persons: a comprehensive quantitative review.
Pregabalin as a treatment for painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the association between bladder cancer and occupation.
Genetic associations with schizophrenia: meta-analyses of 12 candidate genes.
Effect of Rhesus D incompatibility on schizophrenia depends on offspring sex.
Association of beta-fibrinogen gene -148C/T and -455G/A polymorphisms and coronary artery disease in Chinese population: a meta analysis.
Can diffusion-weighted imaging be used to differentiate benign from pathologic fractures? A meta-analysis.
Efficacy of autologous iliac crest bone graft and bone morphogenetic proteins for posterolateral fusion of lumbar spine: a meta-analysis of the results.
Do statins improve outcomes and reduce the incidence of vasospasm after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of ambulatory versus inpatient laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing conventional excisional haemorrhoidectomy with LigaSure for haemorrhoids.
Evidence-based choice of esophageal stent for the palliative management of malignant dysphagia.
Sentinel node detection in patients with thyroid carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Intraoperative allogeneic red blood cell transfusion in ampullary cancer outcome  after curative pancreatoduodenectomy: a clinical study and meta-analysis.
[Acupuncture for chronic prostatitis: a meta-analysis].
[Laparoscopic versus conventional open resection for colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis on recurrence].
[Safety and feasibility of laparoscopic surgery and open surgery in ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis].
Drug eluting and bare metal stents in people with and without diabetes: collaborative network meta-analysis.
Elective caesarean section versus vaginal delivery for preventing mother to child transmission of hepatitis B virus--a systematic review.
Benefits and risks of tight glucose control in critically ill adults: a meta-analysis.
[Postoperative implant-related complications after treatment of intertrochanteric fracture by gamma nail or by sliding hip screw: a meta-analysis].
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the pharmacological treatment of cancer-related fatigue.
Drowning in people with epilepsy: how great is the risk?
Residual platelet reactivity on aspirin therapy and recurrent cardiovascular events--a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the outcome of anti-viral therapy in HCV genotype 2 and genotype 3 infected patients with chronic hepatitis.
Birth weight and subsequent risk of childhood primary brain tumors: a meta-analysis.
Variation in associations between allelic variants of the vitamin D receptor gene and onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus by ambient winter ultraviolet radiation levels: a meta-regression analysis.
Brain-type natriuretic peptide levels in the prediction of adverse outcome in patients with pulmonary embolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Biological processes associated with breast cancer clinical outcome depend on the molecular subtypes.
Diagnostic accuracy of the physical examination and imaging tests for osteomyelitis underlying diabetic foot ulcers: meta-analysis.
No association between the SRD5A2 gene A49T missense variant and prostate cancer  risk: lessons learned.
Functional grouping and cortical-subcortical interactions in emotion: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Hypoalgesia in schizophrenia is independent of antipsychotic drugs: a systematic  quantitative review of experimental studies.
Greater response to placebo in children than in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis in drug-resistant partial epilepsy.
Haemoglobin, anaemia, dementia and cognitive decline in the elderly, a systematic review.
Systematic review: T-cell-based assays for the diagnosis of latent tuberculosis infection: an update.
Dietary glycaemic index, glycaemic load and endometrial and ovarian cancer risk:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Sperm retrieval and the predictive parameter of non-obstructive azoospermia: a meta-analysis of literatures 1990 to 2008].
Serum screening with Down's syndrome markers to predict pre-eclampsia and small for gestational age: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of low-dose CT for the detection of urolithiasis: a meta-analysis.
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor therapy for cardiac repair after acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Carotenoids and the risk of developing lung cancer: a systematic review.
The incidence of esophageal cancer and high-grade dysplasia in Barrett's esophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychotropic prescribing in long-term care facilities: impact of medication reviews and educational interventions.
Effects of renin-angiotensin system blockers on renal outcomes and all-cause mortality in patients with diabetic nephropathy: an updated meta-analysis.
Timing of renal replacement therapy initiation in acute renal failure: a meta-analysis.
Recovery of kidney function after acute kidney injury in the elderly: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis update: percutaneous coronary interventions.
The anatomy of first-episode and chronic schizophrenia: an anatomical likelihood  estimation meta-analysis.
Effect of hand hygiene on infectious disease risk in the community setting: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of antioxidant treatment for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease.
Greater incidence of emergence agitation in children after sevoflurane anesthesia as compared with halothane: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Are cholesterol and depression inversely related? A meta-analysis of the association between two cardiac risk factors.
Smoking and the risk of age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis.
Sunburns and risk of cutaneous melanoma: does age matter? A comprehensive meta-analysis.
Possible association of Helicobacter pylori infection with laryngeal cancer risk: an evidence-based meta-analysis.
Percutaneous clot removal devices in acute ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized studies evaluating chewing gum to enhance postoperative recovery following colectomy.
A meta-analysis of studies investigating the effects of lead exposure on nerve conduction.
Impact of dairy products and dietary calcium on bone-mineral content in children: results of a meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of alefacept, efalizumab, etanercept and infliximab in treating moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Non-pharmacological management of antipsychotic-induced weight gain: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the effect of warm humidified insufflation on pain after laparoscopy.
Is implicit sequence learning impaired in schizophrenia? A meta-analysis.
Proliferation markers and survival in early breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 85 studies in 32,825 patients.
A systematic meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of adjuvant chemotherapy for localized resectable soft-tissue sarcoma.
Personal use of hair dyes and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic data.
A meta-analysis and systematic review of thalidomide for patients with previously untreated multiple myeloma.
Immunotherapeutic agents in type 1 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Benefits and risks of adjunctive inhaled corticosteroids in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
Effects of intracoronary autologous bone marrow cells on left ventricular function in acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis for randomized controlled trials.
Safety and efficacy of glargine compared with NPH insulin for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is the combination of sulfonylureas and metformin associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease or all-cause mortality?: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Long-acting insulin analogues versus NPH human insulin in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Extra digestive manifestations of irritable bowel syndrome: intolerance to drugs?
Do brief interventions which target alcohol consumption also reduce cigarette smoking? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between hormone replacement therapy and subsequent arterial and venous vascular events: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effect of lowering serum levels of GH and IGF-I on mortality in acromegaly.
Independence of restrictive filling pattern and LV ejection fraction with mortality in heart failure: an individual patient meta-analysis.
The health effects of education: a meta-analysis.
Screening for abdominal aortic aneurysm reduces overall mortality in men. A meta-analysis of the mid- and long-term effects of screening for abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Comparing the Gleason prostate biopsy and Gleason prostatectomy grading system: the Lahey Clinic Medical Center experience and an international meta-analysis.
Effects and clinical significance of GnRH antagonist administration for IUI timing in FSH superovulated cycles: a meta-analysis.
Angiotensin II type 1 receptor polymorphisms and susceptibility to hypertension:  a HuGE review.
Estimation of stage-specific fibrosis progression rates in chronic hepatitis C virus infection: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Hepatitis C virus infection and post-transplant diabetes mellitus among renal transplant patients: a meta-analysis.
Effects of yoghurt enriched with free plant sterols on the levels of serum lipids and plant sterols in moderately hypercholesterolaemic subjects on a high-fat diet.
Efficacy and safety of triiodothyronine supplementation in patients with major depressive disorder treated with specific serotonin reuptake inhibitors.
Association between self-report pain ratings of child and parent, child and nurse and parent and nurse dyads: meta-analysis.
Association of SLC11A1 promoter polymorphisms with the incidence of autoimmune and inflammatory diseases: a meta-analysis.
Coping with diabetes in adulthood: a meta-analysis.
Percutaneous spine biopsy: a meta-analysis.
The safety and efficacy of bilateral simultaneous total hip replacement: an analysis of 2063 cases.
Tretinoin microsphere gel in facial acne vulgaris: a meta-analysis.
Poverty and infant mortality in the Eastern Mediterranean region: a meta-analysis.
Exposure to indoor mould and children's respiratory health in the PATY study.
Interleukin-2 receptor antagonists as induction therapy after heart transplantation: systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Does taking vitamin, mineral and fatty acid supplements prevent cognitive decline? A systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Risk of late-acquired incomplete stent apposition after drug-eluting stent versus bare-metal stent. A meta-analysis from 12 randomized trials.
Does paroxetine cause cardiac malformations?
Leadership, job well-being, and health effects--a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Acupuncture for tension-type headache: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled  trials.
A meta-analysis of interventions to increase adherence to medication regimens for pediatric otitis media and streptococcal pharyngitis.
Prophylactic antibiotics in the prevention of catheter-associated bloodstream bacterial infection in preterm neonates: a systematic review.
Externalizing pathology and the five-factor model: a meta-analysis of personality traits associated with antisocial personality disorder, substance use disorder, and their co-occurrence.
The anxiolytic effects of exercise: a meta-analysis of randomized trials and dose-response analysis.
Endarterectomy vs stenting for carotid artery stenosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antiviral therapy of hepatitis C in chronic kidney diseases: meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
Effectiveness and safety of short-course vs long-course antibiotic therapy for group a beta hemolytic streptococcal tonsillopharyngitis: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Functional neuroimaging correlates of finger-tapping task variations: an ALE meta-analysis.
Effect of calcium supplementation on hip fractures.
Personality and prejudice: a meta-analysis and theoretical review.
Measuring culture outside the head: a meta-analysis of individualism-collectivism in cultural products.
Rates of allergic sensitization and irritation to oxybenzone-containing sunscreen products: a quantitative meta-analysis of 64 exaggerated use studies.
Psychological contract breach and outcomes: Combining meta-analysis and structural equation models.
[Efficacy of intensified inpatient rehabilitation in musculoskeletal disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis].
Diagnostic accuracy of magnetic resonance angiography for internal carotid artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hand-assisted or laparoscopic-assisted approach in colorectal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of laparoscopic and open distal gastrectomy for gastric carcinoma.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery may reduce the incidence of stroke in patients with significant left main stem disease.
[Dislocation as a rare complication of resurfacing of the hip joint. Case report  and meta-analysis].
Outcomes of retropubic, laparoscopic, and robotic-assisted prostatectomy.
Bacterial vaginosis and HIV acquisition: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Multidetector computed tomography angiography for assessment of in-stent restenosis: meta-analysis of diagnostic performance.
Anticoagulation intensity and outcomes among patients prescribed oral anticoagulant therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions before consultations to help patients address their information needs by encouraging question asking: systematic review.
Antioxidant supplements for preventing gastrointestinal cancers.
Vigabatrin for refractory partial epilepsy.
Type I interferons for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis.
Physical activity programs for persons with dementia.
Culturally appropriate health education for type 2 diabetes mellitus in ethnic minority groups.
Nicotine receptor partial agonists for smoking cessation.
Rehabilitation for ankle fractures in adults.
Psychosocial and pharmacological treatments versus pharmacological treatments for opioid detoxification.
Oxygen therapy for dyspnoea in adults.
Methods of delivering the placenta at caesarean section.
Competitions and incentives for smoking cessation.
Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) for chronic pain.
Exercise or exercise and diet for preventing type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Injection therapy for subacute and chronic low-back pain.
Erythromycin for the prevention and treatment of feeding intolerance in preterm infants.
Antibiotics for preventing complications in children with measles.
Behavioral interventions to reduce risk for sexual transmission of HIV among men  who have sex with men.
Surgery or embolisation for varicoceles in subfertile men.
Budesonide for induction of remission in Crohn's disease.
Persistent human papillomavirus infection and cervical neoplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Initial drug resistance and tuberculosis treatment outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: Combination endoscopic and drug therapy to prevent variceal rebleeding in cirrhosis.
Meta-analysis of the cognitive effects of the catechol-O-methyltransferase gene Val158/108Met polymorphism.
Taxanes as primary chemotherapy for early breast cancer: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Pharmacotherapies for smoking cessation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Investigating Black-White differences in prostate cancer prognosis: A systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Carotid angioplasty with or without stenting versus carotid endarterectomy for carotid artery stenosis: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus increases the risk of active tuberculosis: a systematic review  of 13 observational studies.
Inter-correlations between Cloninger's temperament dimensions-- a meta-analysis.
Nasogastric tube feeding in predicted severe acute pancreatitis. A systematic review of the literature to determine safety and tolerance.
Ankle brachial index combined with Framingham Risk Score to predict cardiovascular events and mortality: a meta-analysis.
Effect of treatment with epoetin-beta on survival, tumour progression and thromboembolic events in patients with cancer: an updated meta-analysis of 12 randomised controlled studies including 2301 patients.
Meta-analysis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma microarray data explores mechanism of EBV-regulated neoplastic transformation.
How good is endoscopic ultrasound for TNM staging of gastric cancers? A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Prevalence and pattern of HIV-related malnutrition among women in sub-Saharan Africa: a meta-analysis of demographic health surveys.
Early invasive vs conservative treatment strategies in women and men with unstable angina and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effects of cell phones on driver performance.
Reducing pressure ulcer incidence through Braden Scale risk assessment and support surface use.
The H-Wave device is an effective and safe non-pharmacological analgesic for chronic pain: a meta-analysis.
Effects of HIV-prevention interventions for samples with higher and lower percents of Latinos and Latin Americans: a meta-analysis of change in condom use  and knowledge.
Effects of progressive resistive exercise in adults living with HIV/AIDS: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A case-control study of the relation between plasma selenium and asthma in European populations: a GAL2EN project.
Exposure to furry pets and the risk of asthma and allergic rhinitis: a meta-analysis.
Body mass index and mortality in heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Flavonoids, flavonoid-rich foods, and cardiovascular risk: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of second generation antidepressants in late-life depression: a meta-analysis of the evidence.
Self-monitoring of blood glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus not taking insulin: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of interventions for preventing injuries in the construction industry: a systematic review.
Outcome of single-bundle versus double-bundle reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament: a meta-analysis.
A quantitative review and meta-analysis of performance of non-standard laryngoscopes and rigid fibreoptic intubation aids.
Relative oral corticosteroid-sparing effect of 7 inhaled corticosteroids in chronic asthma: a meta-analysis.
Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents in the treatment of anemia in myelodysplastic syndromes: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: effects of adding salmeterol to inhaled corticosteroids on serious asthma-related events.
The MHC2TA -168A/G polymorphism and risk for rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of 6861 patients and 9270 controls reveals no evidence for association.
Use of recombinant activated factor VII in patients without hemophilia: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the role of defunctioning stoma in low rectal cancer surgery.
Can intraoperative intraperitoneal free cancer cell detection techniques identify patients at higher recurrence risk following curative colorectal cancer resection? A meta-analysis.
Effect of education and safety equipment on poisoning-prevention practices and poisoning: systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression.
The PTPN22 620W allele confers susceptibility to systemic sclerosis: findings of  a large case-control study of European Caucasians and a meta-analysis.
Endovascular aortic aneurysm repair (EVAR) has significantly lower perioperative  mortality in comparison to open repair: a systematic review.
Comparison of interrupted versus continuous closure in abdominal wound repair: a  meta-analysis of 23 trials.
The WNT receptor FZD7 contributes to self-renewal signaling of human embryonic stem cells.
The effect of obesity on heart rate (heart period) and physiologic parameters during pregnancy.
Acute pain: combination treatments and how we measure their efficacy.
Efficacy of antidepressants in juvenile depression: meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the need for nasogastric or nasojejunal decompression after gastrectomy for gastric cancer.
Beta-carotene in multivitamins and the possible risk of lung cancer among smokers versus former smokers: a meta-analysis and evaluation of national brands.
The hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association between C-reactive protein and angiographic restenosis after bare metal stents: an updated and comprehensive meta-analysis of 2747 patients.
Association of tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) polymorphisms with Graves' disease: A meta-analysis.
Incidence and risk of fatal myocardial infarction and stroke events in rheumatoid arthritis patients. A systematic review of the literature.
A systematic review of the efficacy of domperidone for the treatment of diabetic  gastroparesis.
Antimicrobial lock solutions for the prevention of infections associated with intravascular catheters in patients undergoing hemodialysis: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Categorical and dimensional approaches to the measurement of disruptive behavior  in the preschool years: a meta-analysis.
Psychological approaches in the treatment of specific phobias: a meta-analysis.
Behavioral couples therapy (BCT) for alcohol and drug use disorders: a meta-analysis.
Video feedback in widescreen: a meta-analysis of family programs.
Botulinum toxin vs glyceryltrinitrate for the medical management of chronic anal  fissure: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of surgical vs chemical sphincterotomy using botulinum toxin for the treatment of chronic anal fissure: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic impact of right ventricular involvement in patients with acute myocardial infarction: meta-analysis.
The contribution of genes outside the major histocompatibility complex to susceptibility to ankylosing spondylitis.
Severe hypoglycaemia and glycaemic control in Type 1 diabetes: meta-analysis of multiple daily insulin injections compared with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion.
Rosiglitazone and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
The role of exposure to phthalates from polyvinyl chloride products in the development of asthma and allergies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Inhaled corticosteroids or montelukast as the preferred primary long-term treatment for pediatric asthma?
Endovascular and open approaches to non-thrombosed popliteal aneurysm repair: a meta-analysis.
Cryopreservation of human embryos by vitrification or slow freezing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychological interventions for major depression in primary care: a meta-analytic review of randomized controlled trials.
Association between chromosomal instability and prognosis in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review: accuracy of imaging tests in the diagnosis of recurrent laryngeal carcinoma after radiotherapy.
The current role of cardiac resynchronization therapy in reducing mortality and hospitalization in heart failure patients: a meta-analysis from clinical trials.
Male circumcision for the prevention of heterosexually acquired HIV infection: a  meta-analysis of randomized trials involving 11,050 men.
Balancing selection and heterogeneity across the classical human leukocyte antigen loci: a meta-analytic review of 497 population studies.
Current evidence on surgery, systemic methotrexate and expectant management in the treatment of tubal ectopic pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Failure of a meta-analysis on the role of elective surgery for left colonic diverticulitis in young patients.
The nitrate reductase assay for the rapid detection of isoniazid and rifampicin resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for wound infections in total joint arthroplasty: a systematic review.
Indices of abdominal obesity are better discriminators of cardiovascular risk factors than BMI: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy and surgical impact of magnetic resonance imaging in breast cancer staging: systematic review and meta-analysis in detection of multifocal and multicentric cancer.
Full-mouth treatment concepts for chronic periodontitis: a systematic review.
Long-chain fatty acid metabolism in dairy cows: a meta-analysis of milk fatty acid yield in relation to duodenal flows and de novo synthesis.
Does drinking pattern modify the effect of alcohol on the risk of coronary heart  disease? Evidence from a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis study of the effect of chilling on prevalence of Salmonella on pig carcasses.
Clinical consequences of withholding versus administering renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system antagonists in the preoperative period.
Noninvasive 24-h ambulatory blood pressure and cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison between angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers on the risk of myocardial infarction, stroke and death: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of posterior fossa decompression with and without duraplasty for the surgical treatment of Chiari malformation Type I in pediatric patients: a meta-analysis.
Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs for postoperative pain management after lumbar spine surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of psychological interventions to promote adherence to treatment in pediatric chronic health conditions.
Egos inflating over time: a cross-temporal meta-analysis of the Narcissistic Personality Inventory.
Prevention of venous thromboembolism in patients with immobilization of the lower extremities: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Endovascular vs open repair of acute abdominal aortic aneurysms--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tobacco and the risk of pancreatic cancer: a review and meta-analysis.
The role of survivin on overall survival of non-small cell lung cancer, a meta-analysis of published literatures.
Association between MYOC.mt1 promoter polymorphism and risk of primary open-angle glaucoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sex differences in long-term smoking cessation rates due to nicotine patch.
Prevalence and time trends in obesity among adult West African populations: a meta-analysis.
Safety and effectiveness of the intragastric balloon for obesity. A meta-analysis.
BMI compared with central obesity indicators in relation to diabetes and hypertension in Asians.
Treatment of unexplained infertility with aromatase inhibitors or clomiphene citrate: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of 24-hour intraocular pressure studies evaluating the efficacy of  glaucoma medicines.
A meta-analysis of the neuropsychological sequelae of chemotherapy-only treatment for pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Effects of higher versus lower dexamethasone doses on pulmonary and neurodevelopmental sequelae in preterm infants at risk for chronic lung disease:  a meta-analysis.
Common adverse events associated with an SSRI: meta-analysis of early paroxetine  data.
Computer-delivered interventions for health promotion and behavioral risk reduction: a meta-analysis of 75 randomized controlled trials, 1988-2007.
Effects of aerobic exercise on non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The relation of economic status to subjective well-being in developing countries: a meta-analysis.
Individual differences in judging deception: accuracy and bias.
Adjuvant radiotherapy following radical prostatectomy for pathologic T3 or margin-positive prostate cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between C-589T polymorphisms of interleukin-4 gene promoter and asthma: a meta-analysis.
The genetics of symptom dimensions of schizophrenia: review and meta-analysis.
Central nervous system adverse effects of new antiepileptic drugs. A meta-analysis of placebo-controlled studies.
Comparison between minimally invasive video-assisted thyroidectomy and conventional thyroidectomy: is there any evidence-based information?
The impact of increased duration of exercise therapy on functional recovery following stroke--what is the evidence?
Preference-based quality of life of patients on renal replacement therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Systematic review of randomized controlled trials on preventing and treating restenosis after percutaneous coronary intervention with Chinese medicine].
[A meta-analysis of Ureaplasma urealyticum infection and Chinese male infertility].
[Effect of transarterial embolization on persistent type II endoleaks after endovascular aneurysm repair: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis approach identifies candidate genes and associated molecular networks for type-2 diabetes mellitus.
Structural brain change in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder identified by meta-analysis.
Alternative approaches to endoscopic ablation for benign enlargement of the prostate: systematic review of randomised controlled trials.
Association between LRP5 polymorphism and bone mineral density: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
The M235T polymorphism in the AGT gene and CHD risk: evidence of a Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium violation and publication bias in a meta-analysis.
Consequences of cold-ischemia time on primary nonfunction and patient and graft survival in liver transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Tracking of blood pressure from childhood to adulthood: a systematic review and meta-regression analysis.
Clinical efficacy of drug-eluting stents in diabetic patients: a meta-analysis.
Low-molecular-weight heparin vs unfractionated heparin for perioperative thromboprophylaxis in patients with cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Analysis of the frequencies of genotype combinations of 4 polymorphisms of genes acting on the folate cycle in the Spanish population].
The diagnostic accuracy of pharmacological stress echocardiography for the assessment of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: sequential therapy appears superior to standard therapy for Helicobacter pylori infection in patients naive to treatment.
CADM1 is a strong neuroblastoma candidate gene that maps within a 3.72 Mb critical region of loss on 11q23.
Are one or two simple questions sufficient to detect depression in cancer and palliative care? A Bayesian meta-analysis.
Efficacy of in-hospital multidimensional interventions of secondary prevention after acute coronary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of garlic on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of association between C-reactive protein and immediate success of  electrical cardioversion in persistent atrial fibrillation.
A meta-analysis of D-cycloserine and the facilitation of fear extinction and exposure therapy.
Evidence-based pathology and the pathologic evaluation of thymomas: the World Health Organization classification can be simplified into only 3 categories other than thymic carcinoma.
MC1R variants, melanoma and red hair color phenotype: a meta-analysis.
Socioeconomic inequalities and oral cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Familial aggregation of Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Parenteral dexamethasone for acute severe migraine headache: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials for preventing recurrence.
Risk of colorectal neoplasm in patients with acromegaly: a meta-analysis.
Functional meta-analysis of double connectivity in gene coexpression networks in  mammals.
A meta-analysis of QTL for diabetes-related traits in rodents.
Motor cortex stimulation for chronic pain: systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Meta-analysis of human cancer microarrays reveals GATA3 is integral to the estrogen receptor alpha pathway.
Meta-analysis: subclinical thyroid dysfunction and the risk for coronary heart disease and mortality.
Relaxation training for anxiety: a ten-years systematic review with meta-analysis.
Water disinfection by-products and the risk of specific birth defects: a population-based cross-sectional study in Taiwan.
Efficacy of antibiotic-impregnated cement in total hip replacement.
Cognitive-behavioural therapy for late-life anxiety disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of antiretroviral drugs in reducing mother-to-child transmission of HIV  in Africa: a meta-analysis of published clinical trials.
Meta-analysis: remission and response from control arms of randomized trials of biological therapies for active luminal Crohn's disease.
Glycemic index, glycemic load, and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Sugar-sweetened beverages and body mass index in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Cigarette smoking and the risk of endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
Does supplemental oxygen reduce postoperative nausea and vomiting? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Statin in prevention of periprocedural myonecrosis after percutaneous coronary angioplasty: systematic review and meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of intrauterine device use and risk of endometrial cancer.
Breast conservation therapy for stage I or stage II breast cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of oral treatments on exercise capacity in systemic sclerosis related pulmonary arterial hypertension: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and toxicity of disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs and biological agents for psoriatic arthritis.
Duodenum-preserving pancreatic head resection versus pancreatoduodenectomy for surgical treatment of chronic pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D supplementation in early childhood and risk of type 1 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acid and fish intake in the primary prevention of age-related macular degeneration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence-based pathology and the pathologic evaluation of thymomas: transcapsular invasion is not a significant prognostic feature.
Ultrasonic and nonultrasonic instrumentation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of antiglaucoma fixed combination therapy versus unfixed components in reducing intraocular pressure: a systematic review.
First- v. second-generation antipsychotics and risk for diabetes in schizophrenia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of 21,178 patients undergoing open or endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Predictors of amygdala activation during the processing of emotional stimuli: a meta-analysis of 385 PET and fMRI studies.
Thromboprophylaxis for patients with cancer and central venous catheters: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
The role of SPINK1 in ETS rearrangement-negative prostate cancers.
Meta-analysis of ifosfamide-based combination chemotherapy in advanced soft tissue sarcoma.
The incidence and prevalence of cluster headache: a meta-analysis of population-based studies.
Is the mortality higher in the pulmonary vs the extrapulmonary ARDS? A meta analysis.
Association between tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha G-308A gene polymorphism and preeclampsia complicated by severe fetal growth restriction.
Association of adipose most abundant transcript 1 gene (apM1) with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Chinese population: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Efficacy and safety of tumor necrosis factor antagonists in Crohn's disease: meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
Hepatitis B immunoglobulin and Lamivudine improve hepatitis B-related outcomes after liver transplantation: meta-analysis.
Double-balloon enteroscopy and capsule endoscopy have comparable diagnostic yield in small-bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the role of positron emission tomography in the follow up of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma following radiotherapy  or chemoradiotherapy.
Empirical evidence for using subjective quality of life as an outcome variable in clinical studies A meta-analysis of correlates and predictors in persons with a major mental disorder living in the community.
Efficacy of methylphenidate, psychosocial treatments and their combination in school-aged children with ADHD: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of cognitive behavioral therapy for chronic fatigue syndrome: a meta-analysis.
The relative efficacy of bona fide psychotherapies for treating post-traumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis of direct comparisons.
Glycaemic control and adverse events in patients with type 2 diabetes treated with metformin + sulphonylurea: a meta-analysis.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily insulin injections in patients with diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exposing the weaknesses: a systematic review of azathioprine efficacy in ulcerative colitis.
Mineral trioxide aggregate as a pulpotomy medicament: an evidence-based assessment.
Impact of preoperative statin therapy on adverse postoperative outcomes in patients undergoing cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of over 30,000 patients.
Statins and cancer: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
No improvement in neurocognitive outcomes after off-pump versus on-pump coronary  revascularisation: a meta-analysis.
Physical activity during leisure time and primary prevention of coronary heart disease: an updated meta-analysis of cohort studies.
CNOP (mitoxantrone) chemotherapy is inferior to CHOP (doxorubicin) in the treatment of patients with aggressive non-Hodgkin lymphoma (meta-analysis).
XPC polymorphisms play a role in tissue-specific carcinogenesis: a meta-analysis.
Towards a neuroanatomy of autism: a systematic review and meta-analysis of structural magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Physical activity, benign prostatic hyperplasia, and lower urinary tract symptoms.
Antioxidant supplements to prevent or slow down the progression of AMD: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bleeding risks of combination vs. single antiplatelet therapy: a meta-analysis of 18 randomized trials comprising 129,314 patients.
Comprehensive association study of genetic variants in the IL-1 gene family in systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Meta-analysis and pooled analysis of GSTM1 and CYP1A1 polymorphisms and oral and  pharyngeal cancers: a HuGE-GSEC review.
IFNG +874T/A, IL10 -1082G/A and TNF -308G/A polymorphisms in association with tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis study.
Estrogen addition to progesterone for luteal phase support in cycles stimulated with GnRH analogues and gonadotrophins for IVF: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relation of blood pressure and all-cause mortality in 180,000 Japanese participants: pooled analysis of 13 cohort studies.
The association of cyclin D1 G870A and E-cadherin C-160A polymorphisms with the risk of colorectal cancer in a case control study and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic precision of endoanal MRI in the detection of anal sphincter pathology: a meta-analysis.
The effect of prone positioning in acute respiratory distress syndrome or acute lung injury: a meta-analysis. Areas of uncertainty and recommendations for research.
Effectiveness of nonpharmacological interventions in delaying the institutionalization of patients with dementia: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of chronic hepatitis C in haemophilic patients with interferon and ribavirin: a meta-analysis.
The use of calcium phosphate bone cement in fracture treatment. A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of controlled research on social skills training for schizophrenia.
Meta-analysis of biofeedback for tension-type headache: efficacy, specificity, and treatment moderators.
Anti-infective-treated central venous catheters for total parenteral nutrition or chemotherapy: a systematic review.
Effect of antihypertensive agents on cerebral blood flow and flow velocity in acute ischaemic stroke: systematic review of controlled studies.
Effect of preprocedural statin use on procedural myocardial infarction and major  cardiac adverse events in percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Endurance and strength training outcomes on cognitively impaired and cognitively  intact older adults: a meta-analysis.
Closed versus open reduction of mandibular condylar fractures in adults: a meta-analysis.
Gender differences in dream recall: a meta-analysis.
Suprarenal endograft fixation and medium-term renal function: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tuberculosis and latent tuberculosis infection in close contacts of people with pulmonary tuberculosis in low-income and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Management of venous thromboembolism in patients with advanced cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Regularities in eyewitness identification.
Orlistat and sibutramine beyond weight loss.
Weight loss produced by tesofensine in patients with Parkinson's or Alzheimer's disease.
Meta-analysis of benzene exposure and non-Hodgkin lymphoma: biases could mask an  important association.
Trastuzumab in the adjuvant treatment of early-stage breast cancer: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[The natural history of developmental dysplasia of the hip. A meta-analysis of the published literature].
Modifiable maternal exposures and offspring blood pressure: a review of epidemiological studies of maternal age, diet, and smoking.
Dissonance-based Interventions for the prevention of eating disorders: using persuasion principles to promote health.
PDLIM5 and susceptibility to bipolar disorder: a family-based association study and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of couple therapy as a treatment for depression: a meta-analysis.
Preferences for emotional information in older and younger adults: a meta-analysis of memory and attention tasks.
Twin-singleton differences in intelligence: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of 16- and 64-section spiral CT for coronary artery bypass graft assessment: meta-analysis.
Diagnostic value of carcinoembryonic antigen in malignant pleural effusion: a meta-analysis.
Observational studies on the effect of dietary antioxidants on asthma: a meta-analysis.
[Combined general-epidural anesthesia compared to general anesthesia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of morbidity and mortality and analgesic efficacy in thoracoabdominal surgery].
Hepatic viral infections in Yemen between 2000--2005.
Systematic review of interventions for reducing occupational stress in health care workers.
Polymorphisms in platelet glycoprotein 1balpha and factor VII and risk of ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
PFA-100 closure time to predict cardiovascular events in aspirin-treated cardiovascular patients: a meta-analysis of 19 studies comprising 3,003 patients.
Efficacy of extended thrombo-prophylaxis in major abdominal surgery: what does the evidence show? A meta-analysis.
Efficacy of closed suction drainage in lower limb arterial surgery: a meta-analysis of published clinical trials.
[Effect of NaFeEDTA on serum ferritin level in iron deficient epidemic population: a systematic review].
Hormone replacement therapy and risk of venous thromboembolism in postmenopausal  women: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis confirms BCL2 is an independent prognostic marker in breast cancer.
A systematic review with procedural assessments and meta-analysis of low level laser therapy in lateral elbow tendinopathy (tennis elbow).
Statin use and development of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials and observational studies.
A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials assessing drug-eluting stents and vascular brachytherapy in the treatment of coronary artery in-stent restenosis.
18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography to evaluate cervical node metastases in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Cell-free hemoglobin-based blood substitutes and risk of myocardial infarction and death: a meta-analysis.
Endoscopic ultrasound: it's accuracy in evaluating mediastinal lymphadenopathy? A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Independent prognostic importance of a restrictive left ventricular filling pattern after myocardial infarction: an individual patient meta-analysis: Meta-Analysis Research Group in Echocardiography acute myocardial infarction.
Accuracy of mean arterial pressure and blood pressure measurements in predicting  pre-eclampsia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of different regimens to lower blood pressure on major cardiovascular events in older and younger adults: meta-analysis of randomised trials.
A meta-analysis of European and Asian cohorts reveals a global role of a functional SNP in the 5' UTR of GDF5 with osteoarthritis susceptibility.
Carotid bruits as a prognostic indicator of cardiovascular death and myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Coronary stenting versus balloon angioplasty for acute myocardial infarction: a meta-regression analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of probiotics for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
Screening for osteoporosis in men: a systematic review for an American College of Physicians guideline.
Corticosteroids in the prevention and treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) in adults: meta-analysis.
Ileostomy or colostomy for temporary decompression of colorectal anastomosis. Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cancer incidence in patients with schizophrenia and their first-degree relatives  - a meta-analysis.
HIV voluntary counseling and testing and behavioral risk reduction in developing  countries: a meta-analysis, 1990--2005.
Behavioral interventions to reduce HIV-related sexual risk behavior: review and synthesis of meta-analytic evidence.
Meta-analysis: ertapenem for complicated intra-abdominal infections.
Efficacy and safety of clopidogrel pretreatment before percutaneous coronary intervention with and without glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor use.
Renin angiotensin system blockade and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with chronic kidney disease and proteinuria: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effects of paclitaxel-eluting stents versus bare metal stents on volumetric intravascular ultrasound in patients with versus without diabetes mellitus.
Meta-analysis of four randomized controlled trials on long-term outcomes of coronary artery bypass grafting versus percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting for multivessel coronary artery disease.
How much of the data published in observational studies of the association between diet and prostate or bladder cancer is usable for meta-analysis?
Cholesterol as a risk factor for dementia and cognitive decline: a systematic review of prospective studies with meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of health behavior change interventions in type 1 diabetes.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing telmisartan with losartan in the treatment of patients with hypertension.
Effectiveness of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease-management programs: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between alcohol consumption and both osteoporotic fracture and bone density.
Premorbid IQ in schizophrenia: a meta-analytic review.
Use of intrathecal midazolam to improve perioperative analgesia: a meta-analysis.
Impact of selective decontamination of the digestive tract on carriage and infection due to Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria: a systematic review of randomised controlled trials.
Effect of nonergot dopamine agonists on symptoms of restless legs syndrome.
Systemic antifungal prophylaxis for very low birthweight infants: a systematic review.
Does aquatic exercise relieve pain in adults with neurologic or musculoskeletal disease? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of interferon regulatory factor 5 haplotypes, similar to that found in systemic lupus erythematosus, in a large subgroup of patients with rheumatoid  arthritis.
Serotonin transporter (5-HTTLPR) genotype and amygdala activation: a meta-analysis.
The relative timing of VMO and VL in the aetiology of anterior knee pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of sentinel node biopsy in ductal carcinoma in situ of the breast.
Cardiotoxicity and incidence of brain metastases after adjuvant trastuzumab for early breast cancer: the dark side of the moon? A meta-analysis of the randomized trials.
HER2/neu in systemic therapy for women with breast cancer: a systematic review.
Indoor air pollution from unprocessed solid fuel use and pneumonia risk in children aged under five years: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of antibiotic use for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular  diseases.
A meta-analysis of marijuana and alcohol use by socio-economic status in adolescents aged 10-15 years.
DNA adducts and cancer risk in prospective studies: a pooled analysis and a meta-analysis.
Late percutaneous coronary intervention for the totally occluded infarct-related  artery: a meta-analysis of the effects on cardiac function and remodeling.
Migraine and left-handedness are not associated. A new case-control study and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for the perpetration of child sexual abuse: a review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of treatment for child sexual behavior problems: practice elements  and outcomes.
Do beta-blockers reduce short-term mortality following acute myocardial infarction? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin) type 3 antagonists on symptom relief and constipation in nonconstipated irritable bowel syndrome: a systematic review  and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and tolerability of alosetron for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome in women and men: a meta-analysis of eight randomized, placebo-controlled, 12-week trials.
Impact of impedance threshold devices on cardiopulmonary resuscitation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Prevalence, type, distribution, and severity of cerebral palsy in relation to gestational age: a meta-analytic review.
Caesarean section is associated with an increased risk of childhood-onset type 1  diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Diagnostic accuracy of fine-needle aspiration cytology of palpable breast masses: an SROC curve with fixed and random effects linear meta-regression models.
On the benefit of probiotics in the management of pouchitis in patients underwent ileal pouch anal anastomosis: a meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
Is early endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography useful in the management  of acute biliary pancreatitis? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Bone lead levels and blood pressure endpoints: a meta-analysis.
Residential magnetic field exposure and childhood brain cancer: a meta-analysis.
Network meta-analysis: simultaneous meta-analysis of common antiplatelet regimens after transient ischaemic attack or stroke.
Meta analysis on mortality of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Antibacterial class is not obviously important in outpatient pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials of moderate sedation for routine endoscopic procedures.
Treating tobacco dependence among African Americans: a meta-analytic review.
Ezetimibe for the treatment of hypercholesterolaemia: a systematic review and economic evaluation.
Systematic review and economic analysis of the comparative effectiveness of different inhaled corticosteroids and their usage with long-acting beta2 agonists for the treatment of chronic asthma in adults and children aged 12 years and over.
The use of irinotecan, oxaliplatin and raltitrexed for the treatment of advanced  colorectal cancer: systematic review and economic evaluation.
Cardiovascular events and re-stenosis following administration of G-CSF in acute  myocardial infarction: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of peginterferon and interferon in treating Chinese patients with chronic hepatitis C.
The extended language network: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies on text comprehension.
Accuracy of soluble human leukocyte antigen-G for predicting pregnancy among women undergoing infertility treatment: meta-analysis.
Efficacy and tolerability of second-generation antidepressants in social anxiety  disorder.
Evaluation of Down's syndrome screening population data sets by simulation: analyser-specific parameters may be superior to meta-analysis-derived parameters.
Laparoscopy versus laparotomy for benign ovarian tumor: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effects of antidepressants in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of long-term mobile phone use and the association with brain tumours.
Efficacy of antiretroviral therapy in Africa: effect on immunological and virological outcome measures -- a meta-analysis.
Sex work and HIV status among transgender women: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ethnic and gender subgroup differences in assessment center ratings: a meta-analysis.
The productivity measurement and enhancement system: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized, controlled treatment trials for pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt versus endoscopic therapy in the secondary prophylaxis of variceal rebleeding in cirrhotic patients: meta-analysis update.
Serum D-dimer is a sensitive test for the detection of acute aortic dissection: a pooled meta-analysis.
Comparison of stapled versus handsewn loop ileostomy closure: a meta-analysis.
Is the application of prostaglandin E1 effective for the treatment of sudden hearing loss? An evidence-based meta-analysis.
Association between (AC)n dinucleotide repeat polymorphism at the 5'-end of the aldose reductase gene and diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of beta-methyl-p-[123I]-iodophenyl-pentadecanoic acid (BMIPP) imaging: a meta-analysis.
A review of the evidence comparing the human papillomavirus vaccine versus condoms in the prevention of human papillomavirus infections.
Does dietary counseling improve quality of life in cancer patients? A systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Venous thromboembolic events and organ-specific occult cancers: a review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of infrapopliteal angioplasty for chronic critical limb ischemia.
Endovascular stenting versus open surgery for thoracic aortic disease: systematic review and meta-analysis of perioperative results.
Chronic kidney disease and postoperative mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of single-dose ivermectin on Onchocerca volvulus: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
The efficacy of multilevel surgery of the upper airway in adults with obstructive sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome.
Effect on quality of life of continuous positive airway pressure in patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic significance of pleural lavage cytology in patients with lung cancer:  a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies of bipolar disorder reveals  important points of agreement.
Antipsychotic-induced tardive dyskinesia and polymorphic variations in COMT, DRD2, CYP1A2 and MnSOD genes: a meta-analysis of pharmacogenetic interactions.
[P53 protein expression and chemosensitivity to cisplatin in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis].
Identification of ten loci associated with height highlights new biological pathways in human growth.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data and large-scale replication identifies additional susceptibility loci for type 2 diabetes.
Influence of low birth weight on minimal change nephrotic syndrome in children, including a meta-analysis.
Preventing haemodialysis catheter-related bacteraemia with an antimicrobial lock  solution: a meta-analysis of prospective randomized trials.
Corpus callosum morphology in children and adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a meta-analytic review.
The impact of solvent mixtures on neurobehavioral performance: conclusions from epidemiological data.
Obesity and central obesity as risk factors for incident dementia and its subtypes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for premenstrual syndrome and premenstrual dysphoric disorder: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis for neurobehavioural effects due to electromagnetic field exposure emitted by GSM mobile phones.
Effect of AcrySof versus silicone or polymethyl methacrylate intraocular lens on  posterior capsule opacification.
The role of protein C deficiency in the etiology of Perthes disease.
Pelargonium sidoides for acute bronchitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of the media in body image concerns among women: a meta-analysis of experimental and correlational studies.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials of behavioural treatment of depression.
Repeat thrombolysis or conservative therapy vs. rescue percutaneous coronary intervention for failed thrombolysis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic damage in mammalian somatic cells exposed to radiofrequency radiation: a  meta-analysis of data from 63 publications (1990-2005).
Outpatient hysteroscopy and subsequent IVF cycle outcome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of adenosine deaminase in tuberculous pleurisy: a meta-analysis.
The changing epidemiological trends for carcinoma of the lung in Turkey.
Cognitive behavior therapy for schizophrenia: effect sizes, clinical models, and  methodological rigor.
Meta-analysis of short sleep duration and obesity in children and adults.
Perceived sexual harassment at work: meta-analysis and structural model of antecedents and consequences.
Fluoroquinolones versus beta-lactam based regimens for the treatment of osteomyelitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparison of vertebroplasty and balloon kyphoplasty for treatment of vertebral compression fractures: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Impact of stressors in a natural context on release of cortisol in healthy adult  humans: a meta-analysis.
Review of meta-analytic comparisons of bariatric surgery with a focus on laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding.
Short-course antibiotic treatment in acute exacerbations of chronic bronchitis and COPD: a meta-analysis of double-blind studies.
The prevalence of activated protein C (APC) resistance and factor V Leiden is significantly higher in patients with retinal vein occlusion without general risk factors. Case-control study and meta-analysis.
The effect of ureteral stent placement on post-ureteroscopy complications: a meta-analysis.
[Systematic evaluation of therapeutic effect and safety of acupuncture for treatment of depression].
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage studies of asthma and related traits.
Prevention of inappropriate therapy in implantable defibrillators: A meta-analysis of clinical trials comparing single-chamber and dual-chamber arrhythmia discrimination algorithms.
Sex differences in handedness, asymmetry of the planum temporale and functional language lateralization.
Efficacy of current drugs against soil-transmitted helminth infections: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Tumour-necrosis factor-A polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Effect of mechanical ventilation in the prone position on clinical outcomes in patients with acute hypoxemic respiratory failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Taxanes alone or in combination with anthracyclines as first-line therapy of patients with metastatic breast cancer.
Healing by primary closure versus open healing after surgery for pilonidal sinus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antioxidant supplements for prevention of mortality in healthy participants and patients with various diseases.
Allopurinol for preventing mortality and morbidity in newborn infants with suspected hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy.
Traditional corticosteroids for induction of remission in Crohn's disease.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Anticoagulation for the long term treatment of venous thromboembolism in patients with cancer.
Culture-specific programs for children and adults from minority groups who have asthma.
Dopamine agonist therapy in early Parkinson's disease.
Tailored interventions based on exhaled nitric oxide versus clinical symptoms for asthma in children and adults.
Exercise for the management of cancer-related fatigue in adults.
Household interventions for prevention of domestic lead exposure in children.
Targeted therapy for advanced renal cell carcinoma.
Exercise therapy in juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Monitoring of stimulated cycles in assisted reproduction (IVF and ICSI).
Chinese herbal medicine for primary dysmenorrhoea.
Vaccines for preventing influenza in healthy children.
Antiepileptic drugs for preventing seizures in people with brain tumors.
Palliative endobronchial brachytherapy for non-small cell lung cancer.
Cardioprotective interventions for cancer patients receiving anthracyclines.
Progestogen for preventing miscarriage.
Techniques for surgical retrieval of sperm prior to intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) for azoospermia.
Rocuronium versus succinylcholine for rapid sequence induction intubation.
Intra-pleural fibrinolytic therapy versus conservative management in the treatment of adult parapneumonic effusions and empyema.
Buprenorphine maintenance versus placebo or methadone maintenance for opioid dependence.
Naftidrofuryl for intermittent claudication.
Interventions for emergency contraception.
Physician advice for smoking cessation.
Pathways to injury in chronic pancreatitis: decoding the role of the high-risk SPINK1 N34S haplotype using meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: antibiotics for prophylaxis against hemodialysis catheter-related  infections.
Inflammatory cytokine alterations in schizophrenia: a systematic quantitative review.
Alcohol intake and risk of breast cancer defined by estrogen and progesterone receptor status--a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Stem cell mobilization by granulocyte colony-stimulating factor for myocardial recovery after acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of exercise interventions for people with Parkinson's disease:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Screening and case-finding instruments for depression: a meta-analysis.
Replication study and meta-analysis of the genetic association of GRM3 gene polymorphisms with schizophrenia in a large Japanese case-control population.
Diagnostic performance of positron emission tomography in the detection of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
[Systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy of 18F-FDG PET in suspected recurrent head and neck cancer].
Self-help smoking cessation interventions in pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nicotine patch therapy prior to quitting smoking: a meta-analysis.
Sexual orientation and adolescent substance use: a meta-analysis and methodological review.
Meta-analysis of depression and substance use and impairment among intravenous drug users (IDUs).
[Meta analysis of clinical effectiveness of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for gastric  cancer].
The effect of drug-eluting stents on intermediate angiographic and clinical outcomes in diabetic patients: insights from randomized clinical trials.
Comparative safety and efficacy of a sirolimus-eluting versus paclitaxel-eluting  stent: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of clopidogrel plus aspirin as compared  to antiplatelet monotherapy for the prevention of vascular events.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 (GSTM1) polymorphisms and lung cancer: a literature-based systematic HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Bayesian meta-analysis of genetic association studies with different sets of markers.
Ultrasound monitoring to detect access stenosis in hemodialysis patients: a systematic review.
Alcohol consumption and the risk of age-related macular degeneration: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety of glyburide for gestational diabetes: a meta-analysis of pregnancy outcomes.
Continuous positive airway pressure for treatment of respiratory complications after abdominal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Usefulness of phyto-oestrogens in reduction of blood pressure. Systematic review and meta-analysis].
Cytokine polymorphisms in women with recurrent pregnancy loss: meta-analysis.
Treatment of SSRI-resistant depression: a meta-analysis comparing within- versus  across-class switches.
A population pharmacokinetic meta-analysis of maraviroc in healthy volunteers and asymptomatic HIV-infected subjects.
Longitudinal studies of cognition in schizophrenia: meta-analysis.
Walking and primary prevention: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of portal triad clamping on outcome after hepatic resection.
Where dopamine meets opioids: a meta-analysis of the placebo effect in restless legs syndrome treatment studies.
Accuracy of self-reported cancer-screening histories: a meta-analysis.
The role of postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy following curative resection for  gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Repeated replication and a prospective meta-analysis of the association between chromosome 9p21.3 and coronary artery disease.
A meta-analysis of the association between Caesarean section and childhood asthma.
Caesarean delivery and risk of atopy and allergic disease: meta-analyses.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing timolol with brimonidine  in the treatment of glaucoma.
A meta-analysis of emotional reactivity in major depressive disorder.
The diagnostic accuracy of CT and MRI in the staging of pelvic lymph nodes in patients with prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Impact of EMG-triggered neuromuscular stimulation of the wrist and finger extensors of the paretic hand after stroke: a systematic review of the literature.
Meta-analysis of 13 randomized controlled trials comparing bimatoprost with latanoprost in patients with elevated intraocular pressure.
The pathophysiology, clinical impact, and management of nasal congestion in allergic rhinitis.
The ENPP1 K121Q polymorphism is associated with type 2 diabetes in European populations: evidence from an updated meta-analysis in 42,042 subjects.
Meta-analysis of the placebo response in ulcerative colitis.
Antidepressants in short-term treatment of binge eating disorder: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of secondary particles on the association between ambient ozone and mortality.
8q24 and prostate cancer: association with advanced disease and meta-analysis.
Do sperm DNA integrity tests predict pregnancy with in vitro fertilization?
[Meta-analysis of respiratory function of workers exposed to asbestos].
Performance of transient elastography for the staging of liver fibrosis: a meta-analysis.
Hepatotoxicity of nevirapine in virologically suppressed patients according to gender and CD4 cell counts.
Esophageal cancer and body mass index: results from a prospective study of 220,000 men in China and a meta-analysis of published studies.
Occupational exposure to extremely low frequency electric and magnetic fields and Alzheimer disease: a meta-analysis.
Azithromycin vs. benzathine penicillin G for early syphilis: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Advanced enteral therapy in acute pancreatitis: is there a room for immunonutrition? A meta-analysis.
Catheter-related bloodstream infections in intensive care units: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Evaluation of adenosine deaminase in the diagnosis of pleural tuberculosis: a Brazilian meta-analysis.
Safety and tolerability of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor versus the combination of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor and angiotensin receptor blocker in patients with left ventricular dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of endovenous radiofrequency obliteration, endovenous laser therapy, and foam sclerotherapy for primary varicosis.
A systematic review and meta-analyses on C-reactive protein in relation to periodontitis.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for adult anxiety disorders: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: griseofulvin efficacy in the treatment of tinea capitis.
Recombinant human growth hormone for children born small for gestational age: meta-analysis confirms the consistent dose-effect relationship on catch-up growth.
High-energy transurethral thermotherapy with CoreTherm approaches transurethral prostate resection in outcome efficacy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of endovenous radiofrequency obliteration of the great saphenous vein in primary varicosis.
Correlates of hepatitis C virus seropositivity in prison inmates: a meta-analysis.
Enteral versus parenteral nutrition after gastrointestinal surgery: a systematic  review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in the English literature.
Novel non-HLA-susceptible regions determined by meta-analysis of four genomewide  scans for ankylosing spondylitis.
Antihypertensive medication and their impact on cancer incidence: a mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Human papillomavirus (HPV) type distribution in Korean women: a meta-analysis.
Creatine treatment in muscle disorders: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled  trials.
Timing of surgery in cauda equina syndrome with urinary retention: meta-analysis  of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of APOE4 allele and outcome after traumatic brain injury.
Meta-analysis of treatment need for temporomandibular disorders in adult nonpatients.
Single- versus multiple-dose antibiotic prophylaxis in the surgical treatment of  closed fractures: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis assessing the effectiveness of local anesthetic, vasoconstrictive, and lubricating agents in flexible fibre-optic nasolaryngoscopy.
Bee venom acupuncture for musculoskeletal pain: a review.
Adverse effects of transdermal opiates treating moderate-severe cancer pain in comparison to long-acting morphine: a meta-analysis and systematic review of the  literature.
A meta-analysis of risk factors that predict psychopathology following accidental trauma.
Meta-analysis of alexithymia in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Excise, ablate or observe: the small renal mass dilemma--a meta-analysis and review.
[Meta-analysis for the pooled sensitivity and specificity of hepatitis B surface  antigen rapid tests].
Fatigue improvement following endoscopic sinus surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Steroid avoidance in liver transplantation: meta-analysis and meta-regression of  randomized trials.
A review and meta-analysis of the impact of intestinal worms on child growth and  nutrition.
Effect of perioperative insulin infusion on surgical morbidity and mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.7.
Use of metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Symptomatic efficacy of avocado-soybean unsaponifiables (ASU) in osteoarthritis (OA) patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prevalence of urinary tract infection in childhood: a meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and calcium intake in relation to risk of endometrial cancer: a systematic review of the literature.
Inflammatory bowel disease diagnosed with US, MR, scintigraphy, and CT: meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Meta-analysis of the combination of TNF inhibitors plus MTX compared to MTX monotherapy, and the adjusted indirect comparison of TNF inhibitors in patients suffering from active rheumatoid arthritis.
Physical activity interventions among adults with arthritis: meta-analysis of outcomes.
Averaged and depth-dependent anisotropy of articular cartilage by microscopic imaging.
Optimal frequency of imiquimod (aldara) 5% cream for the treatment of external genital warts in immunocompetent adults: a meta-analysis.
Aspirin plus dipyridamole versus aspirin for prevention of vascular events after  stroke or TIA: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of effects on adolescent smoking cessation programs in Korea].
Inherited thrombophilic abnormalities and risk of portal vein thrombosis. a meta-analysis.
[Evidence of inhaled nitric oxide therapy for hypoxic respiratory failure in term and near-term infants].
Treatment of human brucellosis: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Systematic review of the clinical effect of glucocorticoids on nonhematologic malignancy.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials: evaluation of benefit from gemcitabine-based  combination chemotherapy applied in advanced pancreatic cancer.
Impact of subclinical thyroid disorders on coronary heart disease, cardiovascular and all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of pharmacotherapy for decreasing the expansion rate of abdominal aortic aneurysms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of angina in women versus men: a systematic review and meta-analysis of international variations across 31 countries.
Diagnostic accuracy of tests for lymph node status in primary cervical cancer: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fluoroquinolones compared with beta-lactam antibiotics for the treatment of acute bacterial sinusitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Catheter ablation vs antiarrhythmic drug therapy for atrial fibrillation: a systematic review.
Long-term effects of weight-reducing interventions in hypertensive patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of statins in patients with chronic kidney disease: meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomised controlled trials.
Overweight and obesity and incidence of leukemia: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Antibiotics for adults with clinically diagnosed acute rhinosinusitis: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
P50 sensory gating ratios in schizophrenics and controls: a review and data analysis.
Staging accuracy of esophageal cancer by endoscopic ultrasound: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Albendazole versus praziquantel in the treatment of neurocysticercosis: a meta-analysis of comparative trials.
Use of uterine artery Doppler ultrasonography to predict pre-eclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction: a systematic review and bivariable meta-analysis.
Effects of acupuncture on rates of pregnancy and live birth among women undergoing in vitro fertilisation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Requirements for transfusion and postoperative outcomes in orthotopic liver transplantation: a meta-analysis on aprotinin.
Efficiency of bowel preparation for capsule endoscopy examination: a meta-analysis.
Meta-study on association between the monoamine oxidase A gene (MAOA) and schizophrenia.
Survival and cardiac remodeling benefits in patients undergoing late percutaneous coronary intervention of the infarct-related artery: evidence from a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analyses of strategies targeting alcohol problems in emergency departments: interventions reduce alcohol-related injuries.
Glycemic index, glycemic load, and chronic disease risk--a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta- and pooled analyses of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T and A1298C polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk: a huge-GSEC review.
Blood pressure response to transcendental meditation: a meta-analysis.
Minimal access aortic valve replacement: is it worth it?
Efficacy and safety of recombinant activated factor vii in major surgical procedures: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Beta interferons in clinically isolated syndromes: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of patellar tendon autograft versus patellar tendon allograft in  anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.
Efficacy of the third wave of behavioral therapies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nonsurgical treatment of stress urinary incontinence (SUI): grading of evidence in systematic reviews.
Closed tracheal suction systems for prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia.
Does pharmacist-led medication review help to reduce hospital admissions and deaths in older people? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Childhood sexual abuse and non-suicidal self-injury: meta-analysis.
Is operative delay associated with increased mortality of hip fracture patients?  Systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression.
The clinical management of patients with a small volume of prostatic cancer on biopsy: what are the risks of progression? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of colorectal cancer gene expression profiling studies identifies consistently reported candidate biomarkers.
DNA repair gene XPD polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis based on 56 case-control studies.
Some cases of common variable immunodeficiency may be due to a mutation in the SBDS gene of Shwachman-Diamond syndrome.
Diagnostic value of CT for deep vein thrombosis: results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention after pretreatment with clopidogrel: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Theory of mind development in Chinese children: a meta-analysis of false-belief understanding across cultures and languages.
Phlebotomy improves therapeutic response to interferon in patients with chronic hepatitis C: a meta-analysis of six prospective randomized controlled trials.
Genetic risk factors for placental abruption: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association between diagnostic and therapeutic delay and stage of colorectal cancer.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation after cardiac arrest in children: what do we  know?
Pelvic floor muscle training versus no treatment for urinary incontinence in women. A Cochrane systematic review.
Neoadjuvant and adjuvant strategies for pancreatic cancer.
Compression therapy for occupational leg symptoms and chronic venous disorders -  a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
[Association study and meta-analysis of the apolipoprotein gene and schizophrenia].
Incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma in patients with Barrett's esophagus and high-grade dysplasia: a meta-analysis.
[Do breast-fed children have a lower risk for later obesity? Discussion of a meta-analysis].
Hormone replacement therapy and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
The accuracy of multivariate models predicting ovarian reserve and pregnancy after in vitro fertilization: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association of 4 angiotensinogen polymorphisms with essential hypertension: a role beyond M235T?
Impacts of measurement protocols on blood pressure tracking from childhood into adulthood: a metaregression analysis.
Detection of Mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis from patients with Crohn's disease using nucleic acid-based techniques: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Doppler-guided intra-operative fluid management during major abdominal surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sex and race differences in mental health symptoms in juvenile justice: the MAYSI-2 national meta-analysis.
The causal relation between job attitudes and performance: a meta-analysis of panel studies.
The relationship of age to ten dimensions of job performance.
A review and meta-analysis of the nomological network of trainee reactions.
Trial methodology and patient characteristics did not influence the size of placebo effects on pain.
Human leukocyte antigen polymorphism in chronic and aggressive periodontitis among Caucasians: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative chemoradiotherapy in the management of oral cancer: a review.
Efficacy of prone ventilation in adult patients with acute respiratory failure: a meta-analysis.
Impact of inappropriate antibiotic therapy on mortality in patients with ventilator-associated pneumonia and blood stream infection: a meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism is correlated to diabetic retinopathy: a meta-analysis.
Multidimensional preventive home visit programs for community-dwelling older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Nonpenetrating glaucoma surgery: meta-analysis of recent results.
Individual patient meta-analysis of self-monitoring of an oral anticoagulation protocol.
Reduced subgenual cingulate volumes in mood disorders: a meta-analysis.
Lidocaine 2% gel versus plain lubricating gel for pain reduction during flexible  cystoscopy: a meta-analysis of prospective, randomized, controlled trials.
Clinical and economic evaluation of the Trellis-8 infusion catheter for deep vein thrombosis.
Reduced mortality, paraplegia, and stroke with stent graft repair of blunt aortic transections: a modern meta-analysis.
Complex interventions to improve physical function and maintain independent living in elderly people: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between maternal infections and preeclampsia: a systematic review of  epidemiologic studies.
Hydrogen peroxide-induced gene expression across kingdoms: a comparative analysis.
Neural networks in frontotemporal dementia--a meta-analysis.
Effects of robot-assisted therapy on upper limb recovery after stroke: a systematic review.
Obesity and mortality in critically ill adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Supplementary intracameral lidocaine for phacoemulsification under topical anesthesia. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of treatment with fluoride on bone mineral density and fracture risk--a meta-analysis.
Pediatric obstructive sleep apnea and quality of life: a meta-analysis.
Effects of asthma education on children's use of acute care services: a meta-analysis.
Protection from sunburn with beta-Carotene--a meta-analysis.
The use of alloplastic materials in rhinoplasty surgery: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of mandibular distraction osteogenesis: clinical applications and functional outcomes.
Adult age differences in event-based prospective memory: a meta-analysis on the role of focal versus nonfocal cues.
Differential effects of age on item and associative measures of memory: a meta-analysis.
The effects of choice on intrinsic motivation and related outcomes: a meta-analysis of research findings.
Comparative benefits and harms of competing medications for adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review and indirect comparison meta-analysis.
Re-evaluation of the efficacy and tolerability of venlafaxine vs SSRI: meta-analysis.
Solitary pulmonary nodules: meta-analytic comparison of cross-sectional imaging modalities for diagnosis of malignancy.
Contradictory cognitive capacities among substance-abusing patients with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Studies of Swedish adjustable gastric band and Lap-Band: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The C242T polymorphism of the p22phox component of NAD(P)H oxidase and vascular risk. Two case-control studies and a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of phase III studies with palonosetron in the prevention of vomiting induced by moderately emetogenic chemotherapy].
Outcome of antenatally diagnosed cardiac rhabdomyoma: case series and a meta-analysis.
Equivalence of electronic and paper-and-pencil administration of patient-reported outcome measures: a meta-analytic review.
[Meta-analysis of association between pentachlorophenol exposure and cancer risk].
[Concurrent chemoradiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for locoregionally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a meta-analysis].
[A meta-analysis of radiofrequency ablation for early hepatocellular carcinoma].
Relationship between the cytotoxin-associated gene-A status of H pylori strains and cerebral infarction in European Caucasians and Chinese Han: a meta-analysis.
A non-parametric meta-analysis approach for combining independent microarray datasets: application using two microarray datasets pertaining to chronic allograft nephropathy.
The efficacy and safety of intensive statin therapy: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Antiarrhythmic effect of statin therapy and atrial fibrillation a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Comparsion with myocardial perfusion MRI and myocardial perfusion SPECT in the diagnostic performance of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis].
Transparent meta-analysis of prospective memory and aging.
Paclitaxel-eluting coronary stents in patients with diabetes mellitus: pooled analysis from 5 randomized trials.
Body-mass index and incidence of cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective observational studies.
Meta-analysis comparing reported frequency of atrial fibrillation after acute coronary syndromes in Asians versus whites.
Genetic variants of glutathione S-transferase as possible risk factors for hepatocellular carcinoma: a HuGE systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comprehensive analysis of remission (COMPARE) with venlafaxine versus SSRIs.
Meta-analysis of prophylactic corticosteroid use in post-ERCP pancreatitis.
Staging investigations for oesophageal cancer: a meta-analysis.
LDL-cholesterol concentrations: a genome-wide association study.
Commercial nucleic-acid amplification tests for diagnosis of pulmonary tuberculosis in respiratory specimens: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
The percutaneous compression plate versus the dynamic hip screw: a meta-analysis.
Critical analysis of the performance of double-contrast barium enema for detecting colorectal polyps > or = 6 mm in the era of CT colonography.
Atrial fibrillation and obesity--results of a meta-analysis.
A collaborative systematic review and meta-analysis on 1278 patients undergoing percutaneous drug-eluting stenting for unprotected left main coronary artery disease.
Impact of systemic hypertension on the cardiovascular benefits of statin therapy--a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the risk of increasing adiposity on Barrett's esophagus.
Interferon treatment in hemodialysis patients with chronic hepatitis C virus infection: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis of treatment efficacy and harms.
A meta-analysis of hemodialysis catheter locking solutions in the prevention of catheter-related infection.
Change in proteinuria after adding aldosterone blockers to ACE inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers in CKD: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis: metformin treatment in persons at risk for diabetes mellitus.
Meta-analysis on the effectiveness of powered toothbrushes for orthodontic patients.
A meta-analytic review of psychosocial interventions for substance use disorders.
Early endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography versus conservative management in acute biliary pancreatitis without cholangitis: a meta-analysis of  randomized trials.
Comparison of the efficacy of thymosin alpha-1 and interferon alpha in the treatment of chronic hepatitis B: a meta-analysis.
Antibiotic therapy to prevent the development of asymptomatic middle ear effusion in children with acute otitis media: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Negative pressure wound therapy: a vacuum of evidence?
Meta-analysis of HLA-DRB1 and HLA-DQB1 polymorphisms in Latin American patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Epidural analgesia compared with peripheral nerve blockade after major knee surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Signs and symptoms in diagnosing acute myocardial infarction and acute coronary syndrome: a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Semantic priming in schizophrenia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physical examination tests of the shoulder: a systematic review with meta-analysis of individual tests.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on the safety and effectiveness of  day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing stapled haemorrhoidopexy with conventional haemorrhoidectomy.
[Systematic review 2007: Primary treatments of testicular germ cell tumors after  radical orchydectomy].
Differential effects of D-hormone analogs and native vitamin D on the risk of falls: a comparative meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of stem cell mobilization by granulocyte colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of acute myocardial infarction.
Meta-analysis: comparison of F-18 Fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography and bone scintigraphy in the detection of bone metastases in patients with breast cancer.
Soy isoflavone intake increases bone mineral density in the spine of menopausal women: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A systematic review of the 5-year survival and complication rates of implant-supported single crowns.
Vascular loops causing otological symptoms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis examining clinical test utilities for assessing meniscal injury.
Continuous versus intermittent renal replacement therapy for critically ill patients with acute kidney injury: a meta-analysis.
Effect of prone positioning in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Impact of clinical trial design and execution-related factors on incidence of thromboembolic events in cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of complications attributed to anticoagulation among patients following cutaneous surgery.
Disparities in A1C levels between Hispanic and non-Hispanic white adults with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of different drugs as add-on treatments to metformin in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Continuous Glucose Monitoring System in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Testicular dysgenesis syndrome and the estrogen hypothesis: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of  individual patient data.
The antiphospholipid syndrome and heart valve surgery.
Antioxidant vitamins intake and the risk of coronary heart disease: meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Soy isoflavone intake inhibits bone resorption and stimulates bone formation in menopausal women: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of clinical trials comparing reboxetine, a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
Diagnostic accuracy of in-stent coronary restenosis detection with multislice spiral computed tomography: a meta-analysis.
Complication rates of tension-free midurethral slings in the treatment of female  stress urinary incontinence: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials comparing tension-free midurethral tapes to other surgical procedures and different devices.
Aromatase inhibitors for infertility in polycystic ovary syndrome. The beginning  or the end of a new era?
An updated systematic review with meta-analysis for the clinical evidence of silymarin.
Cigarette smoking and adenomatous polyps: a meta-analysis.
EUS: a meta-analysis of test performance in suspected choledocholithiasis.
Association study between interleukin 1 beta gene and epileptic disorders: a HuGe review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of zolmitriptan in the acute treatment of migraine.
'Cut down to quit' with nicotine replacement therapies in smoking cessation: a systematic review of effectiveness and economic analysis.
Helicobacter pylori recurrence in developed and developing countries: meta-analysis of 13C-urea breath test follow-up after eradication.
Immunohistochemical biomarkers of value in distinguishing primary ovarian carcinoma from gastric carcinoma: a systematic review with statistical meta-analysis.
Urinary hMG versus recombinant FSH for controlled ovarian hyperstimulation following an agonist long down-regulation protocol in IVF or ICSI treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Randomized controlled trial and meta-analysis of oral decontamination with 2% chlorhexidine solution for the prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia.
Treatment of New World cutaneous leishmaniasis--a systematic review with a meta-analysis.
Low serum vitamin D levels and tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maternal smoking during pregnancy and child overweight: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus type-distribution in the cervix of Chinese women: a meta-analysis.
Surgical versus non-surgical treatment of chronic low back pain: a meta-analysis  of randomised trials.
Meta-analysis of B type natriuretic peptide and N-terminal pro B natriuretic peptide in the diagnosis of clinical heart failure and population screening for left ventricular systolic dysfunction.
The relationship between stress and depression in first onsets versus recurrences: a meta-analytic review.
Meta-analysis of suicide-related behavior events in patients treated with atomoxetine.
Fenoldopam reduces the need for renal replacement therapy and in-hospital death in cardiovascular surgery: a meta-analysis.
Cluster randomized trials produced similar results to individually randomized trials in a meta-analysis of enhanced care for depression.
Is there a temporal trend in the reported treatment efficacy of periodontal regeneration? A meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
The effectiveness of sealants in managing caries lesions.
Estimating the proportion of young adults on antihypertensive treatment that have been correctly diagnosed.
Is central obesity a better discriminator of the risk of hypertension than body mass index in ethnically diverse populations?
Long-term opioid therapy for chronic noncancer pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and safety.
The accuracy of mother's touch to detect fever in children: a systematic review.
Safety of endovascular treatment of carotid artery stenosis compared with surgical treatment: a meta-analysis.
Clinical results of carotid artery stenting compared with carotid endarterectomy.
Balloon angioplasty compared with stenting for treatment of femoropopliteal occlusive disease: a meta-analysis.
Lamivudine prevents reactivation of hepatitis B and reduces mortality in immunosuppressed patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interferon monotherapy of chronic hepatitis C in dialysis patients: meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Incidence and risk of hypertension with sorafenib in patients with cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A large-scale meta-analysis relating the hare measures of psychopathy to antisocial conduct.
Meta-analysis of risk for relapse to substance use after transplantation of the liver or other solid organs.
CYP1A1 and GSTM1 polymorphisms and lung cancer risk in Chinese populations: a meta-analysis.
Can we predict poor recovery from recent-onset nonspecific low back pain? A systematic review.
Percutaneous coronary intervention with everolimus-eluting stents (Xience V): systematic review and direct-indirect comparison meta-analyses with paclitaxel-eluting stents (Taxus) and sirolimus-eluting stents (Cypher).
A nonsynonymous functional variant in integrin-alpha(M) (encoded by ITGAM) is associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Newly identified loci that influence lipid concentrations and risk of coronary artery disease.
Apolipoprotein epsilon alleles in sporadic inclusion body myositis: a reappraisal.
Effect of obesity on short- and long-term mortality postcoronary revascularization: a meta-analysis.
Is sleep duration associated with childhood obesity? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of patient education interventions to increase physical activity among chronically ill adults.
The utility of serum C-reactive protein in differentiating bacterial from nonbacterial pneumonia in children: a meta-analysis of 1230 children.
A meta-analysis of the effects of oral zinc in the treatment of acute and persistent diarrhea.
Aspirin use and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of observational studies from 2001 to 2005.
Initial severity and antidepressant benefits: a meta-analysis of data submitted to the Food and Drug Administration.
Are numbers special? An overview of chronometric, neuroimaging, developmental and comparative studies of magnitude representation.
Pregnancy outcome in women with inflammatory bowel disease following exposure to  5-aminosalicylic acid drugs: a meta-analysis.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation alone vs. cardiopulmonary resuscitation plus automated external defibrillator use by non-healthcare professionals: a meta-analysis on 1583 cases of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest.
[Supplemental oxygen for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials].
[Birth weight and metabolic syndrome in adults: meta-analysis].
The status of spectral EEG abnormality as a diagnostic test for schizophrenia.
Meta-regression analysis using latitude as moderator of paternal age related schizophrenia risk: high ambient temperature induced de novo mutations or is it related to the cold?
Examining heterogeneity in meta-analysis: comparing results of randomized trials  and nonrandomized studies of interventions for low back pain.
Effect of raloxifene therapy on venous thromboembolism in postmenopausal women. A meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis on acupuncture for treatment of dementia].
[P27Kip1 expression and its prognostic implication in breast carcinoma: a meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis of energetic nutritional intervention for stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients].
[Meta-analysis on the stroke with overweight or obesity, smoking and alcohol drinking in Chinese residents].
Oxygen for relief of dyspnoea in mildly- or non-hypoxaemic patients with cancer:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Variations between clinical trial participants and Medicare beneficiaries in evidence used for Medicare national coverage decisions.
Aspirin "resistance" and risk of cardiovascular morbidity: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Adjunctive devices in primary or rescue PCI: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of whole-genome linkage scans for intracranial aneurysm.
Anticoagulation for the initial treatment of venous thromboembolism in patients with cancer.
Interventions for preventing injuries in the agricultural industry.
Continuous infusion versus intermittent bolus doses of indomethacin for patent ductus arteriosus closure in symptomatic preterm infants.
Corticosteroids for preventing postherpetic neuralgia.
Probiotics for prevention of necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants.
Hawthorn extract for treating chronic heart failure.
Biocompatible hemodialysis membranes for acute renal failure.
Relaxation therapies for the management of primary hypertension in adults.
Psychotherapeutic treatments for older depressed people.
Fluid therapy for acute bacterial meningitis.
Risedronate for the primary and secondary prevention of osteoporotic fractures in postmenopausal women.
Surgical hand antisepsis to reduce surgical site infection.
Medical interventions for fungal keratitis.
Opioids for neonates receiving mechanical ventilation.
High-dose chemotherapy with autologous stem cell transplantation in the first line treatment of aggressive non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) in adults.
Glucocorticoid corticosteroids for Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Cycle regimens for frozen-thawed embryo transfer.
Etidronate for the primary and secondary prevention of osteoporotic fractures in  postmenopausal women.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Dietary interventions for recurrent abdominal pain (RAP) and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in childhood.
Devices and pressure sources for administration of nasal continuous positive airway pressure (NCPAP) in preterm neonates.
Intravenous immunoglobulin for myasthenia gravis.
Nursing interventions for smoking cessation.
Alendronate for the primary and secondary prevention of osteoporotic fractures in postmenopausal women.
Synchronized mechanical ventilation for respiratory support in newborn infants.
Vaccines for preventing pneumococcal infection in adults.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for low back pain.
Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in infants born at term.
Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in preterm infants.
Nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation.
Clinical trial outcome in neuropathic pain: relationship to study characteristics.
Multifactorial assessment and targeted intervention for preventing falls and injuries among older people in community and emergency care settings: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Immunogenicity and safety of aerosolized measles vaccine: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: the clinical and physiological effects of fibre-containing enteral formulae.
Meta-analysis of the association of the Taq1A polymorphism with the risk of alcohol dependency: a HuGE gene-disease association review.
Patellar taping and bracing for the treatment of chronic knee pain: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Testicular cancer in twins: a meta-analysis.
Do adjuvant aromatase inhibitors increase the cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women with early breast cancer? Meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A transcriptional profiling meta-analysis reveals a core EWS-FLI gene expression  signature.
Fish-oil supplementation in patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators: a meta-analysis.
Genetic deficiency of chemokine receptor CCR5 is a strong risk factor for symptomatic West Nile virus infection: a meta-analysis of 4 cohorts in the US epidemic.
Movement-dependent stroke recovery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of TMS  and fMRI evidence.
Host-pathogen systems biology: logical modelling of hepatocyte growth factor and  Helicobacter pylori induced c-Met signal transduction.
Association between the presence of H pylori in the liver and hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of cholesterol-lowering therapy in 18,686 people with diabetes in 14 randomised trials of statins: a meta-analysis.
How much cervical cancer in Australia is vaccine preventable? A meta-analysis.
Adjuvant chemotherapy in oestrogen-receptor-poor breast cancer: patient-level meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Markers for predicting mortality in untreated HIV-infected children in resource-limited settings: a meta-analysis.
Effects of electronic stability control (ESC) on accidents: a review of empirical evidence.
Metallic elements in lung tissues: results of a meta-analysis.
ATG plus cyclosporine reduces all-cause mortality in patients with severe aplastic anemia--systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genetic variability in the beta-amyloid production, aggregation  and degradation metabolic pathways and the risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Risk of hand-foot skin reaction with sorafenib: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: gastrointestinal bleeding due to interaction between selective serotonin uptake inhibitors and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
Cost effectiveness of ezetimibe in patients with cardiovascular disease and statin intolerance or contraindications: a Markov model.
Efficacy and tolerability of nebivolol compared with other antihypertensive drugs: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of menopausal symptoms with Er-xian decoction: a systematic review.
Gender-related differences in hypnosis-based treatments for smoking: a follow-up  meta-analysis.
Glycemic response and health--a systematic review and meta-analysis: relations between dietary glycemic properties and health outcomes.
Glycemic response and health--a systematic review and meta-analysis: the database, study characteristics, and macronutrient intakes.
The E-cadherin gene polymorphism 160C->A and cancer risk: A HuGE review and meta-analysis of 26 case-control studies.
Prophylactic antibiotics cannot reduce infected pancreatic necrosis and mortality in acute necrotizing pancreatitis: evidence from a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis comparing incidence of recurrence and indication for reoperation  after surgery for perforating versus nonperforating Crohn's disease.
Design makes a difference: a meta-analysis of antidepressant response rates in placebo-controlled versus comparator trials in late-life depression.
Genome-wide association study identifies genes for biomarkers of cardiovascular disease: serum urate and dyslipidemia.
Low-dose aspirin in patients with stable cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Statin therapy in stroke prevention: a meta-analysis involving 121,000 patients.
Early versus delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy for acute cholecystitis: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Prevention of atrial fibrillation by way of abrogation of the renin-angiotensin system: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dexmedetomidine and cardiac protection for non-cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The effects of mild perioperative hypothermia on blood loss and transfusion requirement.
Impact of inhaled corticosteroids on cortisol suppression in adults with asthma:  a quantitative review.
A meta-analysis of pedometer-based walking interventions and weight loss.
Meta-analysis: effect of monotherapy and combination therapy with inhibitors of the renin angiotensin system on proteinuria in renal disease.
Meta-analysis of enteral nutrition versus total parenteral nutrition in patients  with severe acute pancreatitis.
Efficacy of memantine on behavioral and psychological symptoms related to dementia: a systematic meta-analysis.
The rupture rate of large abdominal aortic aneurysms: is this modified by anatomical suitability for endovascular repair?
Laparoscopic versus open live donor nephrectomy in renal transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative portal vein embolization for major liver resection: a meta-analysis.
Can intra-operative intraperitoneal free cancer cell detection techniques identify patients at higher recurrence risk following curative colorectal cancer  resection: a meta-analysis.
Risk of stroke for carotid endarterectomy patients with contralateral carotid occlusion.
Influence of resection margins and treatment on survival in patients with pancreatic cancer: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of cyclophosphamide on pulmonary function in patients with scleroderma and interstitial lung disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and observational prospective cohort studies.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of fibromyalgia treatment according to level of care.
Association of single-nucleotide polymorphisms in RHOB and TXNDC3 with knee osteoarthritis susceptibility: two case-control studies in East Asian populations and a meta-analysis.
Discontinuation rates in clinical trials in musculoskeletal pain: meta-analysis from etoricoxib clinical trial reports.
A meta-analysis of the incidence of malignancy in adult patients with rheumatoid  arthritis.
Effect of diacylglycerol on body weight: a meta-analysis.
Green tea and gastric cancer risk: meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Cognitive-behavioral interventions to reduce suicide behavior: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of heart rate achieved by perioperative beta-adrenergic blockade on cardiovascular outcomes.
Psychosocial interventions for the prevention of relapse in bipolar disorder: systematic review of controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of gene expression profiles in breast cancer: toward a unified understanding of breast cancer subtyping and prognosis signatures.
Intrauterine environments and breast cancer risk: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of factors related to health services that predict treatment default by tuberculosis patients.
Cigarette smoking, N-acetyltransferase 2 genotypes, and breast cancer risk: pooled analysis and meta-analysis.
Metaanalysis on effects of cardiac resynchronization therapy in heart failure patients with narrow QRS complex.
A meta-analysis of the impact of the two-layer method of preservation on human pancreatic islet transplantation.
Meta-analysis of genetic studies from journals published in China of ischemic stroke in the Han Chinese population.
The genetics of carotid dissection: meta-analysis of a MTHFR/C677T common molecular variant.
Association between metabolic syndrome and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Stroke surveillance in Manitoba, Canada: estimates from administrative databases.
Cardiovascular risk factors and venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis.
Some heterogeneity factors affecting the B-type natriuretic peptides outcome: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of donepezil, galantamine, and rivastigmine for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of cholinesterase inhibitors on behavioral and psychological symptoms of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Managing the risk of invasive breast cancer in women at risk for breast cancer and osteoporosis: the role of raloxifene.
Mechanism-based pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic meta-analysis of trabectedin (ET-743, Yondelis) induced neutropenia.
CMV-hyperimmune globulin for preventing cytomegalovirus infection and disease in  solid organ transplant recipients: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of rare events: an update and sensitivity analysis of cardiovascular events in randomized trials of rosiglitazone.
Systematic reviews and meta-analyses in coloproctology: interpretation and potential pitfalls.
Prognostic value of brain natriuretic peptide in acute pulmonary embolism.
Small-volume resuscitation with hyperoncotic albumin: a systematic review of randomized clinical trials.
Recombinant activated factor VIIa for the treatment of bleeding in major abdominal surgery including vascular and urological surgery: a review and meta-analysis of published data.
Effect of obesity on intensive care morbidity and mortality: a meta-analysis.
Empiric antibiotic therapy for suspected ventilator-associated pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A meta-analysis of asbestos-related cancer risk that addresses fiber size and mineral type.
Ibandronate and the risk of non-vertebral and clinical fractures in women with postmenopausal osteoporosis: results of a meta-analysis of phase III studies.
Association of BACE1 gene polymorphism with Alzheimer's disease in Asian populations: meta-analysis including Korean samples.
Effect of cinnamon on glucose control and lipid parameters.
Tissue angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors for the prevention of cardiovascular disease in patients with diabetes mellitus without left ventricular systolic dysfunction or clinical evidence of heart failure: a pooled  meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies on the prevalence of fractures in coeliac disease.
Postoperative pulmonary function in open versus laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis of the Tiffenau index.
Effect of the polymorphism of tumor necrosis factor-alpha-308 G/A gene promoter on the susceptibility to ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis.
The prognostic impact of occult lymph node metastasis in cancer of the esophagus  or esophago-gastric junction: systematic review and meta-analysis.
CYP17 MspA1 polymorphism and age at menarche: a meta-analysis.
Transcriptionally less active prodynorphin promoter alleles are associated with temporal lobe epilepsy: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
No advantages of Gamma nail over sliding hip screw in the management of peritrochanteric hip fractures: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparative risk for harms of second-generation antidepressants : a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk of hypospadias in offspring of women using loratadine during pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ethnic differences in the risks of adverse reactions to drugs used in the treatment of psychoses and depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Inhaled corticosteroids and the risk of fractures in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early switch to oral treatment in patients with moderate to severe community-acquired pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Treatment options for proliferative lupus nephritis: an update of clinical trial  evidence.
Short- versus long-course antibacterial therapy for community-acquired pneumonia  : a meta-analysis.
Growth hormone therapy in congestive heart failure due to left ventricular systolic dysfunction: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis shows similar risk of thrombosis after drug-eluting stent, bare-metal stent, or angioplasty.
Risk of leukaemia among pesticide manufacturing workers: a review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Safety of carotid artery stenting for symptomatic carotid artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Fluoroquinolone prophylaxis in patients with neutropenia: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Role of beta adrenergic receptor polymorphisms in heart failure: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Placebo response in the prophylaxis of migraine: a meta-analysis.
Candidate gene association studies in abdominal aortic aneurysm disease: a review and meta-analysis.
Randomised controlled trials of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in treating depression in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Anti-inflammatory drugs for biliary colics: systematic review and meta-analysis  of randomized controlled trials].
Satisfaction and value: a meta-analysis in the healthcare context.
Meta-analysis of cognitive-behavioral interventions on HIV-positive persons' mental health and immune functioning.
Hippocampal and amygdala volumes in children and adults with childhood maltreatment-related posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of fibrosis marker panels in patients with HIV/hepatitis C coinfection.
Efficacy of influenza vaccination in HIV-positive patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of 23 type 2 diabetes linkage studies from the International Type 2 Diabetes Linkage Analysis Consortium.
Live birth rates after transfer of equal number of blastocysts or cleavage-stage  embryos in IVF. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Daytime and nighttime blood pressure as predictors of death and cause-specific cardiovascular events in hypertension.
Identification of differentially expressed genes by meta-analysis of microarray data on breast cancer.
The atypical antipsychotics olanzapine and risperidone in the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Is hearing loss due to mutations in the Connexin 26 gene progressive?
Tobacco smoking and cancer: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of diltiazem and glyceryltrinitrate for the medical management of chronic anal fissure: a meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus type distribution in women from Asia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analyses of the incidence and prevalence of schizophrenia: conceptual and methodological issues.
Meta-analysis of school-based childhood obesity interventions in the U.K. and U.S.
Environmental interventions to prevent falls in community-dwelling older people:  a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of clinical trials of probiotics for prevention and treatment of pediatric atopic dermatitis.
Clinical effect of qigong practice on essential hypertension: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Statins for secondary prevention in elderly patients: a hierarchical bayesian meta-analysis.
Restricted-carbohydrate diets in patients with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Interventions for preventing falls in acute- and chronic-care hospitals: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does antibiotic exposure increase the risk of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) isolation? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Virtual reality exposure therapy for anxiety disorders: A meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of CBT for pathological worry among clients with GAD.
Effectiveness of error management training: a meta-analysis.
A Bayesian meta-analysis on published sample mean and variance pharmacokinetic data with application to drug-drug interaction prediction.
[The effect of corticosteroids on the prevention of fat embolism syndrome after long bone fracture of the lower limbs: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Factor V 1691 G-A (Leiden) polymorphism and cancer-related venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Preoperative intra-aortic balloon pump in patients undergoing coronary bypass surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bayesian meta-analysis of tissue angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors for reduction of adverse cardiovascular events in patients with diabetes mellitus and preserved left ventricular function.
Effects of acculturation on smoking behavior in Asian Americans: a meta-analysis.
Quantifying ADHD classroom inattentiveness, its moderators, and variability: a meta-analytic review.
Evidence-based psychosocial treatments for ethnic minority youth.
Taxane-based combinations as adjuvant chemotherapy of early breast cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Psychological treatment of postpartum depression: a meta-analysis.
Neuroimaging studies of mental rotation: a meta-analysis and review.
Recognition of depression by non-psychiatric physicians--a systematic literature  review and meta-analysis.
Quality of surgical randomized controlled trials for acute cholecystitis: assessment based on CONSORT and additional check items.
Polymorphisms of tumor necrosis factor-alpha are associated with increased susceptibility to gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
The role of MTHFR gene in multiple myeloma.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphisms and lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
IGF-I (CA) repeat polymorphisms and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of DNA repair gene XPC polymorphisms and cancer risk.
Replication of reported genetic associations of PADI4, FCRL3, SLC22A4 and RUNX1 genes with rheumatoid arthritis: results of an independent Japanese population and evidence from meta-analysis of East Asian studies.
Lack of association of single nucleotide polymorphism in LRCH1 with knee osteoarthritis susceptibility.
CHROMSCAN: genome-wide association using a linkage disequilibrium map.
Smoking habit and mortality: a meta-analysis.
T64A polymorphism in beta3-adrenergic receptor gene (ADRB3) and coronary heart disease: a case-cohort study and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of anticoagulant prophylaxis to prevent venous thromboembolism in acutely ill medical inpatients: a meta-analysis.
Cellular phone use and brain tumor: a meta-analysis.
Hypothermia treatment for traumatic brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of passive descent versus immediate pushing in nulliparous women  with epidural analgesia in the second stage of labor.
Effects of occupational stress management intervention programs: a meta-analysis.
Organizational wellness programs: a meta-analysis.
Prosthetic treatment planning on the basis of scientific evidence.
Acute treatment of paediatric migraine: a meta-analysis of efficacy.
Systemic fungal infection is associated with the development of retinopathy of prematurity in very low birth weight infants: a meta-review.
Efficacy of bupropion and the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in the treatment of anxiety symptoms in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of individual patient data from 10 double-blind, randomized clinical trials.
Acamprosate supports abstinence, naltrexone prevents excessive drinking: evidence from a meta-analysis with unreported outcomes.
Home-based telehealth: a review and meta-analysis.
Primary tumor standardized uptake value (SUVmax) measured on fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) is of prognostic value for survival in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): a systematic review and meta-analysis (MA) by the European Lung Cancer Working Party for the IASLC Lung Cancer Staging Project.
Association between inherited thrombophilic abnormalities and central venous catheter thrombosis in patients with cancer: a meta-analysis.
ABO(H) blood groups and vascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in the clearance of the cervical spine in blunt  trauma: a meta-analysis.
The effect of shock wave rate on the outcome of shock wave lithotripsy: a meta-analysis.
Urokinase lock or flush solution for prevention of bloodstream infections associated with central venous catheters for chemotherapy: a meta-analysis of prospective randomized trials.
Endovascular repair of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of TNP on lower limb wounds: a meta-analysis.
[New evidence of uselessness of intravenous glucose-insulin-potassium infusion in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: results of meta-analysis of CREATE-ECLA and OASIS-6 trials].
[Metha-analysis of results of stress-tests application in patients before the operations on peripheral vessels and abdominal aorta].
Association between obesity and kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Linezolid versus glycopeptide or beta-lactam for treatment of Gram-positive bacterial infections: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Lamivudine prophylaxis is effective in reducing hepatitis B reactivation and reactivation-related mortality in chemotherapy patients: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and side effects of cisplatin- and carboplatin-based doublet chemotherapeutic regimens versus non-platinum-based doublet chemotherapeutic regimens as first line treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung carcinoma: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of antioxidant supplementation in reducing primary cancer incidence and  mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of Tai Chi exercise in improving aerobic capacity: an updated meta-analysis.
Human influences on rates of phenotypic change in wild animal populations.
Earlier is better: a meta-analysis of 70 years of intervention improving cognitive development in institutionalized children.
Effect of exercise training on quality of life in multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Resuscitation of newborn infants with 21% or 100% oxygen: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of a brief delay in clamping the umbilical  cord of preterm infants.
Meta-analysis of the brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene (BDNF) Val66Met polymorphism in anxiety disorders and anxiety-related personality traits.
Memory retrieval and the parietal cortex: a review of evidence from a dual-process perspective.
A meta-analytic review of emotion recognition and aging: implications for neuropsychological models of aging.
Integrating evidence from neuroimaging and neuropsychological studies of obsessive-compulsive disorder: the orbitofronto-striatal model revisited.
Deficits in facial affect recognition among antisocial populations: a meta-analysis.
Prophylactic antibiotics in urodynamics: a systematic review of effectiveness and safety.
Road traffic noise and cardiovascular risk.
Cognitive behavior therapy for anxiety disorders: 40 years of progress.
Dairy products, dietary calcium and vitamin D intake as risk factors for prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of 26,769 cases from 45 observational studies.
Liquid compared with conventional cervical cytology: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of chromovitrectomy with indocyanine green in macular hole surgery.
The use of orbital radiotherapy for Graves' ophthalmopathy: quantitative review of the evidence.
The natural history and prognosis of neovascular age-related macular degeneration: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of somatostatin and its analogues in prevention of postoperative complications after pancreaticoduodenectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prophylactic corticosteroids do not prevent post-ERCP pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Lost in translation? A systematic database of gene expression in breast cancer.
Meta-analysis of tacrolimus ointment for atopic dermatitis in pediatric patients.
Meta-analysis of cranial CT scans in children. A mathematical model to predict radiation-induced tumors.
Lack of association between the tagging SNP A+930-->G of SOCS3 and type 2 diabetes mellitus: meta-analysis of four independent study populations.
Antibody-based detection tests for the diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection in children: a meta-analysis.
The genetics of primary haemorrhagic stroke, subarachnoid haemorrhage and ruptured intracranial aneurysms in adults.
Efficacy of pharmacological methods used for treating tobacco dependence: meta-analysis.
Active commuting and cardiovascular risk: a meta-analytic review.
Maternal employment and children's achievement in context: a meta-analysis of four decades of research.
Distress in couples coping with cancer: a meta-analysis and critical review of role and gender effects.
How well do the theory of reasoned action and theory of planned behaviour predict intentions and attendance at screening programmes? A meta-analysis.
A bidirectional relationship between psychosocial factors and atopic disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Duloxetine does not relieve painful physical symptoms in depression: a meta-analysis.
Direct comparisons of treatment modalities for youth disorders: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of MR imaging in the diagnosis of breast lesions.
Efficacy and safety of human menopausal gonadotrophins versus recombinant FSH: a  meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of pathological gambling 1997-2007].
Prophylactic antibiotic treatment in acute necrotizing pancreatitis: results from a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of antibiotic susceptibility and the genotype of penicillin-binding proteins in Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Neuregulin 1 genotype and schizophrenia.
Allelic association of G72/G30 with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
The effect of sport concussion on neurocognitive function, self-report symptoms and postural control : a meta-analysis.
Association between apolipoprotein E genotype and carotid intima-media thickness  may suggest a specific effect on large artery atherothrombotic stroke.
Sex differences in heritability of ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Visualizing the medical modeling and simulation database: trends in the research  literature.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy for severe acute cholecystitis. A meta-analysis of results.
Wound infection after a laparoscopic resection for colorectal cancer.
Does minimal-access aortic valve replacement reduce the incidence of postoperative atrial fibrillation?
Diagnostic accuracy of tumour markers for malignant pleural effusion: a meta-analysis.
Thromboprophylaxis in cancer patients with central venous catheters. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of study design and trends for EVAR versus OSR.
Emerging role of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors in the management of type 2 diabetes.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma-2 P12A polymorphism and risk of  acute myocardial infarction, coronary heart disease and ischemic stroke: a case-cohort study and meta-analyses.
Prevention of contrast media-induced nephropathy by isotonic sodium bicarbonate:  a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of heart rate and QT interval alteration in anorexia nervosa.
[Capsular contracture in breast augmentation with textured versus smooth mammary  implants: a systematic review].
Can pill placebo augment cognitive-behavior therapy for panic disorder?
Detection of non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction and unstable angina in the acute setting: meta-analysis of diagnostic performance of multi-detector computed tomographic angiography.
Meta-analysis: vitamin D compounds in chronic kidney disease.
Genomic imbalances in 5918 malignant epithelial tumors: an explorative meta-analysis of chromosomal CGH data.
Design characteristics of food frequency questionnaires in relation to their validity.
Hylan versus hyaluronic acid for osteoarthritis of the knee: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Antithrombin III in critically ill patients: systematic review with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
Active smoking and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early risk of stroke after transient ischemic attack: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long term pharmacotherapy for obesity and overweight: updated meta-analysis.
HPV vaccine efficacy in preventing persistent cervical HPV infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of central nervous system stimulant treatment for cocaine dependence: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Meta analysis: Cancer risk in Barrett's oesophagus.
Adjunctive benefits from low-molecular-weight heparins as compared to unfractionated heparin among patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction treated with thrombolysis. A meta-analysis of the randomized trials.
Percutaneous coronary intervention for late reperfusion after myocardial infarction in stable patients.
Meta-analysis of effect of statin treatment on risk of sudden death.
Calcium intake and hip fracture risk in men and women: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled trials.
Association between dietary fiber and endometrial cancer: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of studies investigating one-year effectiveness of transdermal nicotine patches for smoking cessation.
Outcomes in patients with chronic kidney disease referred late to nephrologists:  a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of cognitive remediation in schizophrenia.
Assessment of the relative advantage of various artesunate-based combination therapies by a multi-treatment Bayesian random-effects meta-analysis.
[Adverse drug reactions in patients visiting a general hospital: a meta-analysis  of results].
[Aspirin in cardiovascular prevention: does the approach differ by gender?].
Impact of statins on risk of stroke: a meta-analysis.
The role of furry pets in eczema: a systematic review.
Heart valve regurgitation, pergolide use, and parkinson disease: an observational study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of short-term outcomes of randomized controlled trials of LigaSure  vs conventional hemorrhoidectomy.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase is associated with incident vascular events independently of alcohol intake: analysis of the British Women's Heart and Health Study and Meta-Analysis.
A meta-analysis of the incidence of anterior cruciate ligament tears as a function of gender, sport, and a knee injury-reduction regimen.
Statin treatment for children and adolescents with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Are antidepressant drugs that combine serotonergic and noradrenergic mechanisms of action more effective than the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in treating major depressive disorder? A meta-analysis of studies of newer agents.
Magnitude of effect of lithium in short-term efficacy studies of moderate to severe manic episode.
Meta-analysis using individual patient data from randomised trials to assess the  effectiveness of laparoscopic uterosacral nerve ablation in the treatment of chronic pelvic pain: a proposed protocol.
Accuracy of body mass index in predicting pre-eclampsia: bivariate meta-analysis.
Cervical stitch (cerclage) for preventing pregnancy loss: individual patient data meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of exercise-referral schemes to promote physical activity in adults: systematic review.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials on topical treatments for vernal keratoconjunctivitis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) and breast cancer risk: a nested-case-control study and a pooled meta-analysis.
Use of octreotide for the prevention of pancreatic fistula after elective pancreatic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Occupational exposure to pesticides and risk of hematopoietic cancers: meta-analysis of case-control studies.
MDM2 promoter polymorphism SNP309 contributes to tumor susceptibility: evidence from 21 case-control studies.
Obesity and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of 31 studies with 70,000  events.
The impact of radiotherapy on survival in resectable gastric carcinoma: a meta-analysis of literature data.
Treatments for metastatic melanoma: synthesis of evidence from randomized trials.
Disorder-specific effects of CBT for anxious and depressed youth: a meta-analysis of candidate mediators of change.
Relationship between Helicobacter pylori infection and esophageal neoplasia: a meta-analysis.
Examining the association between parenting and childhood depression: a meta-analysis.
Psychological response in spinal manipulation (PRISM): a systematic review of psychological outcomes in randomised controlled trials.
Impact of passive humidification on clinical outcomes of mechanically ventilated  patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Polyclonal intravenous immunoglobulin for the treatment of severe sepsis and septic shock in critically ill adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of polyclonal immunoglobulins as adjunctive therapy for sepsis or septic shock.
Thrombolysis is not warranted in submassive pulmonary embolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Stress reduction programs in patients with elevated blood pressure: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
No evidence of association of the PDCD1 gene with Type 1 diabetes.
Studies in 3,523 Norwegians and meta-analysis in 11,571 subjects indicate that variants in the hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 alpha (HNF4A) P2 region are associated with type 2 diabetes in Scandinavians.
Annual incidence and relative risk of diabetes in people with various categories  of dysglycemia: a systematic overview and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Use of chewing gum in reducing postoperative ileus after elective colorectal resection: a systematic review.
Intravenous and nebulised magnesium sulphate for acute asthma: systematic review  and meta-analysis.
[A meta-analysis of job burnout using the MBI scale].
A systematic review and meta-analysis of interventions used to reduce exposure to house dust and their effect on the development and severity of asthma.
Psychological treatment of cardiac patients: a meta-analysis.
64-multislice detector computed tomography coronary angiography as potential alternative to conventional coronary angiography: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do the benefits of metal stents justify the costs? A systematic review and meta-analysis of trials comparing endoscopic stents for malignant biliary obstruction.
A meta-analysis of association between C677T polymorphism in the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene and hypertension.
Meta-analysis of respiratory rehabilitation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. A Cochrane systematic review.
One-carbon metabolism gene polymorphisms and risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in Australia.
Body mass index and risk of multiple myeloma: a meta-analysis.
Genital ulcerative disease and sexually transmitted urethritis and circumcision:  a meta-analysis.
Toward a major risk factor for atopic eczema: meta-analysis of filaggrin polymorphism data.
Administration of antimicrobials via the respiratory tract for the treatment of patients with nosocomial pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of alignment outcomes in computer-assisted total knee arthroplasty  surgery.
Anterior transposition compared with simple decompression for treatment of cubital tunnel syndrome. A meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of bivalirudin versus heparins in reduction of cardiac outcomes in acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary interventions.
CLINICAL Review # : low body weight mediates the relationship between HIV infection and low bone mineral density: a meta-analysis.
Implications for prostate cancer of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) genetic  variation and circulating IGF-I levels.
Chemotherapy compared with biochemotherapy for the treatment of metastatic melanoma: a meta-analysis of 18 trials involving 2,621 patients.
Antifungal prophylaxis in cancer patients after chemotherapy or hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparing the rapidity of response during treatment of major depressive disorder  with bupropion and the SSRIs: a pooled survival analysis of 7 double-blind, randomized clinical trials.
Symptoms of sexual dysfunction in patients treated for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis comparing selegiline transdermal system and placebo using a patient-rated scale.
Paroxetine versus placebo and other agents for depressive disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fluoxetine and adult suicidality revisited: an updated meta-analysis using expanded data sources from placebo-controlled trials.
Efficacy of duloxetine and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: comparisons as assessed by remission rates in patients with major depressive disorder.
Intake of fruit, vegetables, and antioxidants and risk of type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association between HLA-DRB1 allele and rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility in Asian populations.
Chemotherapy improves the survival of patients with choroid plexus carcinoma: a meta-analysis of individual cases with choroid plexus tumors.
Genetic effects of a titanium surface on osteoblasts: a meta-analysis.
Markers of systemic bacterial exposure in periodontal disease and cardiovascular  disease risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relations between personality and coping: a meta-analysis.
Trauma coping strategies and psychological distress: A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of the relationship between surgeon annual caseload and mortality for elective open abdominal aortic aneurysm repairs.
Blood cholesterol and vascular mortality by age, sex, and blood pressure: a meta-analysis of individual data from 61 prospective studies with 55,000 vascular deaths.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of real-world adherence to drug therapy for osteoporosis.
The association of registered nurse staffing levels and patient outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
[High PEEP vs. conventional PEEP in the acute respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Exercise-induced cardiac troponin T release: a meta-analysis.
[Systemic review and meta-analysis of tolerability and safety between different titration regimes of ropinirol dose in the treatment of Parkinson's disease].
Advance provision of emergency contraception for pregnancy prevention: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of glutathione S-transferase T1, M1 and asthma, a meta-analysis of the literature.
Number of pedometer-assessed steps taken per day by adults: a descriptive meta-analysis.
Elevated risk for HIV infection among men who have sex with men in low- and middle-income countries 2000-2006: a systematic review.
Relations of body concerns and exercise behavior: a meta-analysis.
The value of clinical features in the diagnosis of acute pulmonary embolism: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The MTHFR 677C->T polymorphism and the risk of congenital heart defects: a literature review and meta-analysis.
Coronary arteries: diagnostic performance of 16- versus 64-section spiral CT compared with invasive coronary angiography--meta-analysis.
Osteomyelitis: antigranulocyte scintigraphy with 99mTC radiolabeled monoclonal antibodies for diagnosis-- meta-analysis.
Gene polymorphisms and male infertility--a meta-analysis and literature review.
[Coronary disease risk attributable to cardiovascular risk factors in the Spanish population].
A meta-analysis of P50 studies in patients with schizophrenia and relatives: differences in methodology between research groups.
Meta-analysis of three case controlled studies and an ecological study into the link between cryptogenic epilepsy and chronic toxoplasmosis infection.
Second primary malignancy risk in thyroid cancer survivors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of interventions for smokers who contact quitlines.
[Glucocorticoid administration in steroid sensitive nephritic syndrome: a meta-analysis].
[Reproductive effects of occupational exposure to mercury on female workers in China: a meta-analysis].
Individual patient meta-analyses of restrictive diastolic filling pattern and mortality in patients post acute myocardial infarction and in patients with chronic heart failure.
[Clinical characteristics of Cronkhite-Canada syndrome in Chinese: meta-analysis  of 35 cases].
Validity of electron beam computed tomography for coronary artery disease: asystematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of the weight-loss drug rimonabant: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Fish consumption, n-3 fatty acids, and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Identification of novel pathway partners of p68 and p72 RNA helicases through Oncomine meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the relation between European and American smokeless tobacco and oral cancer.
Staphylococcus aureus is a major pathogen in acute bacterial rhinosinusitis: a meta-analysis.
Ximelagatran/melagatran against conventional anticoagulation: a meta-analysis based on 22,639 patients.
A meta-analysis of N-acetylcysteine in contrast-induced nephrotoxicity: unsupervised clustering to resolve heterogeneity.
Is plasma vitamin C an appropriate biomarker of vitamin C intake? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prognostic factors in heat wave related deaths: a meta-analysis.
Pre-eclampsia and risk of cardiovascular disease and cancer in later life: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Typhoid fever vaccines: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Tea and coffee drinking and ovarian cancer risk: results from the Netherlands Cohort Study and a meta-analysis.
Combined resynchronisation and implantable defibrillator therapy in left ventricular dysfunction: Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomised controlled  trials.
Occupational therapy for patients with problems in personal activities of daily living after stroke: systematic review of randomised trials.
Individual-level interventions to reduce college student drinking: a meta-analytic review.
Effects of psychotherapy and other behavioral interventions on clinically depressed older adults: a meta-analysis.
The role of fibrates in the prevention of cardiovascular disease--a pooled meta-analysis of long-term randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials.
The prevalence and incidence of coronary heart disease is significantly increased in periodontitis: a meta-analysis.
Has toll-like receptor 4 been prematurely dismissed as an inflammatory bowel disease gene? Association study combined with meta-analysis shows strong evidence for association.
The prognostic importance of a small acute decrement in kidney function in hospitalized patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The relationship between the outcome of studies of autologous chondrocyte implantation and the presence of commercial funding.
"Does one size fit all?" moderators in psychosocial interventions for breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Sensitivity of patient outcomes to pharmacist interventions. Part II: Systematic  review and meta-analysis in hypertension management.
Efficacy of low-dose ibuprofen in acute migraine treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of vitamin E in the prevention of cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Nonsurgical treatment of appendiceal abscess or phlegmon: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intraoperative autotransfusion in abdominal aortic aneurysm surgery: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Folic acid supplementation and neural tube defect recurrence prevention.
Survival and recurrent disease after postoperative radiotherapy for early endometrial cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of cannabinoid ligand binding affinity and receptor distribution: interspecies differences.
Cortisol and post-traumatic stress disorder in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Consumption of animal foods and endometrial cancer risk: a systematic literature  review and meta-analysis.
Associations between beer, wine, and liquor consumption and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Recreational physical activity and epithelial ovarian cancer: a case-control study, systematic review, and meta-analysis.
Excess mortality in women with pituitary disease: a meta-analysis.
Effectiveness and tolerability of administration of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor on left ventricular function in patients with myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in medically Ill patients.
Is heart failure more prevalent in patients with peripheral arterial disease? A meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of antibiotic therapy for active ulcerative colitis.
Follow-up after curative resection of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
DNA ploidy status and prognosis in colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of published data.
Safety and efficacy of strictureplasty for Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does the effect of air pollution on pregnancy outcomes differ by gender? A systematic review.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials on drug-eluting stents vs. bare-metal stents in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Almost all articles on cancer prognostic markers report statistically significant results.
Relationship of diagnostic and therapeutic delay with survival in colorectal cancer: a review.
The anti-cancer effects of quinolone antibiotics?
Suspected choledocholithiasis: endoscopic ultrasound or magnetic resonance cholangio-pancreatography? A systematic review.
Comparison of the beneficial effect of beta-blockers on mortality in patients with ischaemic or non-ischaemic systolic heart failure: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Detection of lymph node metastases in head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis comparing US, USgFNAC, CT and MR imaging.
Molecular staging for patients with malignant melanoma.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of psychological and activity-based interventions for cancer-related fatigue.
Use of intravenous magnesium to treat acute onset atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
The long-term impact of Helicobacter pylori eradication on gastric histology: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of occupational trichloroethylene exposure and liver cancer.
Meta-analysis of variables that affect accuracy of threshold estimation via measurement of the auditory steady-state response (ASSR).
Methodological quality of randomised controlled trials comparing short-term results of laparoscopic and conventional colorectal resection.
Is the p53 codon 72 polymorphism a key biomarker for cervical cancer development? A meta-analysis review within European populations.
The association of pregnancy and the development of obesity - results of a systematic review and meta-analysis on the natural history of postpartum weight retention.
Liver transplantation for hepatocellular carcinoma: University Hospital Essen experience and metaanalysis of prognostic factors.
Mortality and delay in effective therapy associated with extended-spectrum beta-lactamase production in Enterobacteriaceae bacteraemia: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effectiveness and safety of atovaquone proguanil (Malarone) for chemoprophylaxis against malaria.
The good, the bad, and the unknown about telecommuting: meta-analysis of psychological mediators and individual consequences.
Male infertility and variation in CAG repeat length in the androgen receptor gene: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of observational studies identifies predictors of sickness absence.
A review of the impact of pregnancy on memory function.
TLR2, TLR4 and TLR9 polymorphisms and Crohn's disease in a New Zealand Caucasian  cohort.
Screening for depression in medical settings with the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ): a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Effects of rapid response systems on clinical outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence of cardiovascular events in white-coat, masked and sustained hypertension versus true normotension: a meta-analysis.
Course of cognitive decline in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Dietary fructans and serum triacylglycerols: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comprehensive pulmonary rehabilitation for anxiety and depression in adults with  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bicaval versus standard technique in orthotopic heart transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Clinical value of 13N-ammonia PET in assessment of cardiac disease: meta-analysis].
Addition of estramustine to chemotherapy and survival of patients with castration-refractory prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Incomplete excision of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia and risk of treatment failure: a meta-analysis.
Interferon and lamivudine vs. interferon for hepatitis B e antigen-positive hepatitis B treatment: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
GST genotypes and lung cancer susceptibility in Asian populations with indoor air pollution exposures: a meta-analysis.
The tryptophan hydroxylase 1 (TPH1) gene and risk of schizophrenia: a moderate-scale case-control study and meta-analysis.
Risk of shunt-dependent hydrocephalus after occlusion of ruptured intracranial aneurysms by surgical clipping or endovascular coiling: a single-institution series and meta-analysis.
Occupational aluminum exposure: evidence in support of its neurobehavioral impact.
Use of lipid-lowering agents for the prevention of age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Mycobacterial infection and atopy in childhood: a systematic review.
Effects of corticosteroid on Henoch-Schönlein purpura: a systematic review.
Is childhood vaccination associated with asthma? A meta-analysis of observational studies.
Efficacy of non-pharmacological methods used for treating tobacco dependence: meta-analysis.
Adoptees do not lack self-esteem: a meta-analysis of studies on self-esteem of transracial, international, and domestic adoptees.
Who participates in which health promotion programs? A meta-analysis of motivations underlying enrollment and retention in HIV-prevention interventions.
Lower extremity arterial disease: multidetector CT angiography meta-analysis.
Pituitary suppression regimens in poor responders undergoing IVF treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of noninvasive positive-pressure ventilation in postextubation respiratory failure: a meta-analysis.
[Is diabetes mellitus a coronary heart disease equivalent? Results of a meta-analysis of prospective studies].
[A comparison of costs and survival in colorectal cancer patients undergoing surgery according to different organizational models].
Effectiveness of psychoeducation for relapse, symptoms, knowledge, adherence and  functioning in psychotic disorders: a meta-analysis.
Impaired recognition and expression of emotional prosody in schizophrenia: review and meta-analysis.
Association study between the dystrobrevin binding protein 1 gene (DTNBP1) and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
The association between HIV infection and alcohol use: a systematic review and meta-analysis of African studies.
Immunosuppressive therapy in lung injury due to paraquat poisoning: a meta-analysis.
Muscle fibre type shifting in the vastus lateralis of patients with COPD is associated with disease severity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
How useful is the lung-to-head ratio in predicting outcome in the fetus with congenital diaphragmatic hernia? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of Seprafilm for preventing postoperative abdominal adhesion: systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of mesenteric arterial embolism or mesenteric arterial thrombosis].
Meta- and gene set analysis of stomach cancer gene expression data.
Meta-analysis of tumor recurrence after liver transplantation for hepatocellular  carcinoma based on 1,198 cases.
Impact of intracoronary cell therapy on left ventricular function in the setting  of acute myocardial infarction: a collaborative systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
Effectiveness of physiotherapy exercise after knee arthroplasty for osteoarthritis: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The influence of gender on the effects of aspirin in preventing myocardial infarction.
Probiotics in infants for prevention of allergic disease and food hypersensitivity.
Prebiotics in infants for prevention of allergic disease and food hypersensitivity.
Interventions for the treatment of oral and oropharyngeal cancers: surgical treatment.
Psychosocial and psychological interventions for treating postpartum depression.
Intravesical treatments for painful bladder syndrome/ interstitial cystitis.
Protein containing synthetic surfactant versus animal derived surfactant extract  for the prevention and treatment of respiratory distress syndrome.
Parenting interventions for the prevention of unintentional injuries in childhood.
Interventions for sexual dysfunction following treatments for cancer.
Occlusal splints for treating sleep bruxism (tooth grinding).
Copper containing, framed intra-uterine devices for contraception.
Single versus multiple visits for endodontic treatment of permanent teeth.
Chinese herbal medicine for primary dysmenorrhoea.
Immunosuppressive agents for myasthenia gravis.
Dehydroepiandrosterone for systemic lupus erythematosus.
Shengmai (a traditional Chinese herbal medicine) for heart failure.
Nutrient-enriched formula versus standard term formula for preterm infants following hospital discharge.
Closed tracheal suction systems versus open tracheal suction systems for mechanically ventilated adult patients.
Stretching to prevent or reduce muscle soreness after exercise.
Aldose reductase inhibitors for the treatment of diabetic polyneuropathy.
Early versus delayed (traditional) oral fluids and food for reducing complications after major abdominal gynaecologic surgery.
Semen preparation techniques for intrauterine insemination.
Taxanes for adjuvant treatment of early breast cancer.
Environmental sanitary interventions for preventing active trachoma.
Tegaserod for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome and chronic constipation.
Prophylactic systemic antifungal agents to prevent mortality and morbidity in very low birth weight infants.
Interventions for replacing missing teeth: different types of dental implants.
Chemotherapy plus Rituximab versus chemotherapy alone for B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Modes of administration of antibiotics for symptomatic severe urinary tract infections.
Medical interventions for primary open angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
Formula milk versus donor breast milk for feeding preterm or low birth weight infants.
Cleavage stage versus blastocyst stage embryo transfer in assisted conception.
Inhaled versus systemic corticosteroids for the treatment of chronic lung disease in ventilated very low birth weight preterm infants.
Early administration of inhaled corticosteroids for preventing chronic lung disease in ventilated very low birth weight preterm neonates.
Postnatal phenobarbital for the prevention of intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants.
Venepuncture versus heel lance for blood sampling in term neonates.
Phytoestrogens for vasomotor menopausal symptoms.
Interventions for preventing oral mucositis for patients with cancer receiving treatment.
Continuous versus interrupted sutures for repair of episiotomy or second degree tears.
Vitamin A supplementation to prevent mortality and short and long-term morbidity  in very low birthweight infants.
Deworming drugs for treating soil-transmitted intestinal worms in children: effects on growth and school performance.
Intra-uterine insemination for male subfertility.
Enemas during labour.
Atopy and risk of brain tumors: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: duration of first-line proton-pump inhibitor based triple therapy  for Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Meta-analysis: the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and pancreatic cancer risk for different exposure categories.
A meta-analysis of 94,492 patients with hypertension treated with beta blockers to determine the risk of new-onset diabetes mellitus.
Meta-analysis appraising high clopidogrel loading in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
Associations of plasma fibrinogen levels with established cardiovascular disease  risk factors, inflammatory markers, and other characteristics: individual participant meta-analysis of 154,211 adults in 31 prospective studies: the fibrinogen studies collaboration.
Systematic review: pharmacological and behavioral treatment for trichotillomania.
Survival of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck in relation to human papillomavirus infection: review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of heart valve abnormalities in Parkinson's disease patients treated with dopamine agonists.
A meta-analysis of six prospective studies of falling in Parkinson's disease.
Dietary antioxidants and primary prevention of age related macular degeneration:  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adverse effects of combination angiotensin II receptor blockers plus angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors for left ventricular dysfunction: a quantitative review of data from randomized clinical trials.
Where is VEGF in the body? A meta-analysis of VEGF distribution in cancer.
Overweight, obesity and risk of liver cancer: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Evaluation of OPRM1 variants in heroin dependence by family-based association testing and meta-analysis.
[Rituximab in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: systematic review].
No evidence for a preferential transmission of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase 677T allele in families with schizophrenia offspring.
A meta-analysis of 16 randomized trials of sirolimus-eluting stents versus paclitaxel-eluting stents in patients with coronary artery disease.
Diagnostic performance of stress cardiac magnetic resonance imaging in the detection of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Explaining disparities in HIV infection among black and white men who have sex with men: a meta-analysis of HIV risk behaviors.
Efficacy of group psychotherapy to reduce depressive symptoms among HIV-infected  individuals: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: a functional polymorphism in the gene encoding for activity of the serotonin transporter protein is not associated with the irritable bowel syndrome.
Joint effects of the N-acetyltransferase 1 and 2 (NAT1 and NAT2) genes and smoking on bladder carcinogenesis: a literature-based systematic HuGE review and  evidence synthesis.
Head injury and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Meta-analysis of antioxidant intake and the risk of esophageal and gastric cardia adenocarcinoma.
Relationship between the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale in depressed elderly: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of central venous catheter-associated thrombosis: a meta-analysis.
Functional neuroimaging of anxiety: a meta-analysis of emotional processing in PTSD, social anxiety disorder, and specific phobia.
[Ibuprofen versus indomethacin in the preterm persistent patent ductus arteriosus therapy: review and meta-analysis].
Adjuvant radiotherapy for stage I endometrial cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sensitivity of patient outcomes to pharmacist interventions. Part I: systematic review and meta-analysis in diabetes management.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the randomized controlled trials on adjuvant intraperitoneal chemotherapy for resectable gastric cancer.
Prophylactic antibiotics for the prevention of preterm birth in women at risk: a  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of depressive symptoms in dual-diagnosis schizophrenia.
A meta-analysis of beta-fibrinogen gene-455G/A polymorphism and plasma fibrinogen level in Chinese cerebral infarction patients.
Immune response to nucleotide-supplemented infant formulae: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of holmium laser enucleation versus transurethral resection of the  prostate for symptomatic prostatic obstruction.
The effects of acute psychological stress on circulating inflammatory factors in  humans: a review and meta-analysis.
Evidence-based management of Mastalgia: a meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Deliberate hypotension in orthopedic surgery reduces blood loss and transfusion requirements: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of clinical efficacy and bleeding risk with intravenous glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonists for percutaneous coronary intervention.
Management of minor cervical cytological abnormalities: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of the literature.
Ultrasound-based transient elastography for the detection of hepatic fibrosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influence of enteral versus parenteral nutrition on blood glucose control in acute pancreatitis: a systematic review.
Efficacy of vardenafil for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in men with hypertension: a meta-analysis of clinical trial data.
Meta-analysis of gene-environment interactions in developmental psychopathology.
Bacterial eradication rates with shortened courses of 2nd- and 3rd-generation cephalosporins versus 10 days of penicillin for treatment of group A streptococcal tonsillopharyngitis in adults.
A meta-analysis comparing conventional end-to-end anastomosis vs. other anastomotic configurations after resection in Crohn's disease.
Developing asthma in childhood from exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke: insights from a meta-regression.
Circulating concentrations of insulin markers and coronary heart disease: a quantitative review of 19 Western prospective studies.
Use of cosmetic talc on contraceptive diaphragms and risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis of nine observational studies.
Variceal band ligation versus beta-blockers for primary prevention of variceal bleeding: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing carotid endarterectomy and endovascular treatment.
A meta-analysis of clinical trials comparing the serotonin (5HT)-2 receptor antagonists trazodone and nefazodone with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
Aspirin in women undergoing in vitro fertilization treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic clipping versus injection and thermo-coagulation in the treatment of non-variceal upper gastrointestinal bleeding: a meta-analysis.
Bayesian meta-analysis of Papanicolaou smear accuracy.
Assessing the effectiveness of primary angioplasty compared with thrombolysis and its relationship to time delay: a Bayesian evidence synthesis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis from Chinese literature: the association between Helicobacter pylori eradication and improvement of functional dyspepsia.
A meta-analysis of performance response under thermal stressors.
Evaluating the role of the genetic variations of PTPN22, NFKB1, and FcGRIIIA genes in inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of formocresol versus ferric sulphate primary molar pulpotomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
P53 codon 72 polymorphism and gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Obesity and risk of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy of statins in children with familial hypercholesterolemia.
HCV synthesis project: preliminary analyses of HCV prevalence in relation to age  and duration of injection.
Meta-analysis of studies of passive smoking and lung cancer: effects of study type and continent.
Prevalence of resistance to nevirapine in mothers and children after single-dose  exposure to prevent vertical transmission of HIV-1: a meta-analysis.
Association of the HTR2C gene and antipsychotic induced weight gain: a meta-analysis.
Tobacco and tuberculosis: a qualitative systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is a stentless aortic valve superior to conventional bioprosthetic valves for aortic valve replacement?
Does neoadjuvant chemotherapy improve survival in patients with resectable thoracic oesophageal cancer?
Weight-loss outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of weight-loss clinical trials with a minimum 1-year follow-up.
Worsening renal function and prognosis in heart failure: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Patient risk profile and benefit from an invasive approach in the initial management of non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome.
Meta-analysis of aggression and/or hostility-related events in children and adolescents treated with fluoxetine compared with placebo.
One-year incidence rates of tardive dyskinesia in children and adolescents treated with second-generation antipsychotics: a systematic review.
A cost-effectiveness analysis of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers in diabetic nephropathy.
Meta-analysis of day treatment and contingency-management dismantling research: Birmingham Homeless Cocaine Studies (1990-2006).
Nitrofuran-based regimens for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Treatment of functional dyspepsia with serotonin agonists: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Oral contraception and the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Does the presentation of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease vary by age or presumed etiology? A meta-analysis of the past 10 years.
Effectiveness of antibiotic prophylaxis in third molar surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Off-pump surgery does not reduce stroke, compared with results of on-pump coronary artery bypass grafting: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Comparison of docetaxel- and vinca alkaloid-based chemotherapy in the first-line  treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of seven randomized clinical trials.
Prepubertal orchiopexy for cryptorchidism may be associated with lower risk of testicular cancer.
The impact of hepatitis C virus infection on survival in dialysis patients: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Metaanalysis of recurrence after laparoscopic repair of paraesophageal hernia.
Survival and disease-progression benefits with treatment regimens for advanced colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk assessment for juvenile justice: a meta-analysis.
Waterpipe smoking and nicotine exposure: a review of the current evidence.
The health-related quality of life of obese persons seeking or not seeking surgical or non-surgical treatment: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of erythropoiesis-stimulating proteins in myelodysplastic syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
PRO: Should aspirin be used in all women older than 65 years to prevent stroke?
Efficacy and safety of atomoxetine for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents-meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis.
Estimating the relative risk of pancreatic cancer associated with exposure agents in job title data in a hierarchical Bayesian meta-analysis.
Trends in mortality in bariatric surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Short-term benefits and risks of intravenous iron: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Study on the distribution of human papillomavirus types in cervix among Chinese  women: a meta-analysis].
[Prostatic abscess: a report of 2 cases and meta-analysis of domestic literature  in recent 10 years].
Congestive heart failure and cardiovascular death in patients with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes given thiazolidinediones: a meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
A latent variable approach for meta-analysis of gene expression data from multiple microarray experiments.
Static magnets for reducing pain: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Erythropoietin-receptor agonists in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Child-parent screening for familial hypercholesterolaemia: screening strategy based on a meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of category naming in Alzheimer's disease.
Association study and meta-analysis of Alzheimer's disease risk and presenilin-1  intronic polymorphism.
Association of apolipoprotein E genotypes with lipid levels and coronary risk.
Meta-analysis: effect of prophylactic hematopoietic colony-stimulating factors on mortality and outcomes of infection.
Quantitative assessment of the effect of angiotensinogen gene polymorphisms on the risk of coronary heart disease.
Meta-analysis: enteral nutrition in active Crohn's disease in children.
Meta-analysis of the role of statin therapy in reducing myocardial infarction following elective percutaneous coronary intervention.
Genetic variation associated with ischemic heart failure: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Birth weight and systolic blood pressure in adolescence and adulthood: meta-regression analysis of sex- and age-specific results from 20 Nordic studies.
Prognostic significance of p16 INK4a alteration for Ewing sarcoma: a meta-analysis.
Outcomes associated with drug-eluting and bare-metal stents: a collaborative network meta-analysis.
Psychiatric and neuropsychiatric adverse events associated with deep brain stimulation: A meta-analysis of ten years' experience.
Are regular and irregular verbs dissociated in non-fluent aphasia? A meta-analysis.
Long-term risk of cardiovascular events with rosiglitazone: a meta-analysis.
Pioglitazone and risk of cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Vitamin D supplementation and total mortality: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of overweight with increased risk of coronary heart disease partly independent of blood pressure and cholesterol levels: a meta-analysis of 21 cohort studies including more than 300 000 persons.
Drug-drug interaction prediction: a Bayesian meta-analysis approach.
Meta-analysis of mixed treatment comparisons at multiple follow-up times.
Benefits and harms of antidiabetic agents in patients with diabetes and heart failure: systematic review.
A systematic review of cooling for neuroprotection in neonates with hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy - are we there yet?
General deterrence effects of U.S. statutory DUI fine and jail penalties: long-term follow-up in 32 states.
Has repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment for depression  improved? A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing the recent vs. the earlier rTMS studies.
Meta-analysis: The utility and safety of heparin in the treatment of active ulcerative colitis.
Meta-analysis: Inosine triphosphate pyrophosphatase polymorphisms and thiopurine  toxicity in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease.
Suplatast/tacrolimus combination therapy for refractory facial erythema in adult  patients with atopic dermatitis: a meta-analysis study.
Stress echocardiography, stress single-photon-emission computed tomography and electron beam computed tomography for the assessment of coronary artery disease:  a meta-analysis of diagnostic performance.
Meta-analysis of published reports on the effect of statin treatment before percutaneous coronary intervention on periprocedural myonecrosis.
Folic acid improves vascular reactivity in humans: a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Obesity and colon and rectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
The safety of oral antifungal treatments for superficial dermatophytosis and onychomycosis: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of short-course antibiotic regimens for community-acquired pneumonia: a  meta-analysis.
Prophylactic subcutaneous drainage for prevention of wound complications after cesarean delivery--a metaanalysis.
Symptomatic posterior vitreous detachment and the incidence of delayed retinal breaks: case series and meta-analysis.
Short-term anteroposterior treatment effects of functional appliances and extraoral traction on class II malocclusion. A meta-analysis.
The use of meta-analysis risk estimates for candidate genes in combination to predict coronary heart disease risk.
Profiling meta-analysis reveals primarily gene coexpression concordance between systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis.
Prevalence of pain in patients with cancer: a systematic review of the past 40 years.
Is laparoscopic colectomy for cancer cost-effective relative to open colectomy?
Excision margins for primary cutaneous melanoma: updated pooled analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis evidence of a differential risk of the FCRL3 -169T-->C polymorphism in white and East Asian rheumatoid arthritis patients.
Biologic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and the risk of malignancy: analyses from a large US observational study.
Pharmacological interventions for acute bipolar mania: a systematic review of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the literature on diagnostic accuracy of SPECT in parkinsonian syndromes.
Use of statins and risk of haematological malignancies: a meta-analysis of six randomized clinical trials and eight observational studies.
The effects of prophylactic coronary revascularization or medical management on patient outcomes after noncardiac surgery--a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis and systematic review of the efficacy and safety of anticoagulants as cancer treatment: impact on survival and bleeding complications.
Mycophenolate mofetil for induction therapy of lupus nephritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Elements of nonpharmacologic interventions that prevent progression of heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of pegfilgrastim with filgrastim on febrile neutropenia, grade IV neutropenia and bone pain: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Antifibrinolytic use in adult cardiac surgery.
Efficacy and safety of the low-molecular weight heparin enoxaparin compared with  unfractionated heparin across the acute coronary syndrome spectrum: a meta-analysis.
Role of programmed ventricular stimulation in patients with Brugada syndrome: a meta-analysis of worldwide published data.
Hypnosis for nausea and vomiting in cancer chemotherapy: a systematic review of the research evidence.
No association of ERCC1 C8092A and T19007C polymorphisms to cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Carotid sinus nerve blockade to reduce blood pressure instability following carotid endarterectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Molecular evidence for the role of mycobacteria in sarcoidosis: a meta-analysis.
Tension-free midurethral slings in the treatment of female stress urinary incontinence: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of effectiveness.
Humidified air inhalation for treating croup: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reassessing the value of varicocelectomy as a treatment for male subfertility with a new meta-analysis.
Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt for refractory ascites: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Diagnostic accuracy of the mood module of the Patient Health Questionnaire: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis examining the efficacy and safety of almotriptan in the acute treatment of migraine.
Lifestyle interventions in the treatment of childhood overweight: a meta-analytic review of randomized controlled trials.
Among patients treated with FSH and GnRH analogues for in vitro fertilization, is the addition of recombinant LH associated with the probability of live birth? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Menopausal hormone therapy and risk of ovarian cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide scans meta-analysis for pulse pressure.
Sytematic review and meta-analysis of prevalence of hepatitis B in India.
Single-dose azithromycin versus erythromycin or amoxicillin for Chlamydia trachomatis infection during pregnancy: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled  trials.
Birth weight and the risk of testicular cancer: a meta-analysis.
Instrumental activities of daily living in the screening of dementia in population studies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The V103I polymorphism of the MC4R gene and obesity: population based studies and meta-analysis of 29 563 individuals.
The effect of pressure-relieving surfaces on the prevention of heel ulcers in a variety of settings: a meta-analysis.
The prevalence of food allergy: a meta-analysis.
Association between Q551R IL4R genetic variants and atopic asthma risk demonstrated by meta-analysis.
The use of plain radiography, subtraction arthrography, nuclear arthrography, and bone scintigraphy in the diagnosis of a loose acetabular component of a total hip prosthesis: a systematic review.
Is arthroscopic surgery for stabilisation of chronic shoulder instability as effective as open surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis of 62 studies including 3044 arthroscopic operations.
Tissue ACE inhibitors for secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease in patients with preserved left ventricular function: a pooled meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Amplitude-integrated EEG is useful in predicting neurodevelopmental outcome in full-term infants with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of the influence of pediatric cancer on parent and family  functioning.
Parental socialization of child and adolescent physical activity: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy and safety of drug treatments for chronic insomnia in adults: a meta-analysis of RCTs.
Genetic association study and meta-analysis of the HTR2C Cys23Ser polymorphism and migraine.
Increased consumption of fruit and vegetables is related to a reduced risk of coronary heart disease: meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Three endothelial nitric oxide (NOS3) gene polymorphisms in hypertensive and normotensive individuals: meta-analysis of 53 studies reveals evidence of publication bias.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in critically ill patients to evaluate the dose-response effect of erythropoietin.
Towards an understanding of the role of rescue angioplasty for failed fibrinolysis: comparison of the MERLIN, RESCUE and REACT trials.
Testing a model of stress and health using meta-analytic path analysis.
Physical examination tests for assessing a torn meniscus in the knee: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Performance of abdominal ultrasonography in pediatric blunt trauma patients: a meta-analysis.
Benzodiazepines in generalized anxiety disorder: heterogeneity of outcomes based  on a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Routine drainage after thyroid surgery--a meta-analysis.
Third-generation chemotherapy agents in the treatment of advanced non-small cell  lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for mortality in patients with emphysematous pyelonephritis: a meta-analysis.
Mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis and Crohn's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and adverse effects of cholinesterase inhibitors and memantine in vascular dementia: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Percutaneous versus surgical tracheotomy: an updated meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing carboplatin-based to cisplatin-based chemotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Prophylaxis of Pneumocystis pneumonia in immunocompromised non-HIV-infected patients: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Do patient decision aids meet effectiveness criteria of the international patient decision aid standards collaboration? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effects of presenting treatment benefits in different formats.
Phenylalanine blood levels and clinical outcomes in phenylketonuria: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Maternal obesity and risk of cesarean delivery: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage studies in BMI and obesity.
Periodontal disease and pregnancy outcomes: state-of-the-science.
The use of low-dose warfarin as prophylaxis for central venous catheter thrombosis in patients with cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the sensitivity of various neuropsychological tests used to detect chemotherapy-induced cognitive impairment in patients with breast cancer.
Topical non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in allergic conjunctivitis: meta-analysis of randomized trial data.
Global cost-effectiveness of cataract surgery.
Genetic factors in suicide: reassessment of adoption studies and individuals' beliefs about adoption study findings.
The psychophysiology of posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
What makes self-help interventions effective in the management of depressive symptoms? Meta-analysis and meta-regression.
The effects of attrition on baseline comparability in randomized experiments in education: a meta-analysis.
Effects of aerobic exercise on lipids and lipoproteins in adults with type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
Volume of tobacco advertising in African American markets: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
[What about the controversy regarding rosiglitazone].
Psychiatric symptoms and quality of life in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Neuropsychology of the deficit syndrome: new data and meta-analysis of findings to date.
Meta-analysis of case-control association studies between the C270T polymorphism  of the brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene and schizophrenia.
The contribution of 18F-FDG PET in preoperative epilepsy surgery evaluation for patients with temporal lobe epilepsy A meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis comparing the efficacy of four 5-HT3-receptor antagonists for acute chemotherapy-induced emesis.
The role of heparin and allied compounds in the treatment of sepsis.
Efficacy of varicocelectomy in improving semen parameters: new meta-analytical approach.
Quality of life assessed with the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form 36-Item Health Survey of patients on renal replacement therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis on acupuncture and moxibustion for treatment of ulcerative colitis].
[A Meta-analysis of high-dose epinephrine in children with cardiopulmonary arrest].
[Which is better to resuscitate asphyxiated newborn infants: room air or pure oxygen?].
[Clinical values of extended lymph node dissection for gastric cancer:a meta-analysis for D1 versus D2 gastrectomy].
A meta-analysis of the yield of capsule endoscopy compared to double-balloon enteroscopy in patients with small bowel diseases.
Use of calcium or calcium in combination with vitamin D supplementation to prevent fractures and bone loss in people aged 50 years and older: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of APOE genotype and subarachnoid hemorrhage: clinical outcome and  delayed ischemia.
Obesity and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: The incidence and prognosis of post-infectious irritable bowel syndrome.
Meta-analysis of angiographic versus intravascular ultrasound parameters of drug-eluting stent efficacy (from TAXUS IV, V, and VI).
Smoking as a risk factor for dementia and cognitive decline: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Meta-analyses of the association between Chlamydia psittaci and ocular adnexal lymphoma and the response of ocular adnexal lymphoma to antibiotics.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of laboratory-defined aspirin resistance with a higher risk of recurrent cardiovascular events: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statins and the risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of 18 studies involving more than 1.5 million patients.
Adjuvant trastuzumab in the treatment of her-2-positive early breast cancer: a meta-analysis of published randomized trials.
Dressings for venous leg ulcers: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Breast-conserving surgery with or without radiotherapy in women with ductal carcinoma in situ: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Economic analysis of the use of drug-eluting stents from the perspective of Belgian health care.
[Meta-analysis on gemcitabine of fixed-dose rate infusion plus oxaliplatin as first-line therapy for advanced pancreatic cancer].
Meta-analysis: the effect of antibiotic resistance status on the efficacy of triple and quadruple first-line therapies for Helicobacter pylori.
Clopidogrel nonresponsiveness in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association of N-acetyltransferase 2 gene (NAT2) variants  with breast cancer.
The association between Helicobacter pylori infection and early gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Ursodeoxycholic acid for patients with primary biliary cirrhosis: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials using Bayesian  approach as sensitivity analyses.
Treatment of anxiety disorders in older adults: a meta-analytic comparison of behavioral and pharmacological interventions.
Lipoprotein (a) and venous thromboembolism in adults: a meta-analysis.
Fixed-dose combinations improve medication compliance: a meta-analysis.
Impact of statin dosing intensity on transaminase and creatine kinase.
Non-Latin European descent could be a requirement for association of NTDs and MTHFR variant 677C > T: a meta-analysis.
The effects of methylphenidate on command following and yes/no communication in persons with severe disorders of consciousness: a meta-analysis of n-of-1 studies.
School-based interventions for aggressive and disruptive behavior: update of a meta-analysis.
[Efficacy of candesartan cilexetil in hypertensive patients with or without diabetes].
Regional recurrence of squamous cell carcinoma of the nasal cavity: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of statin therapy in children with familial hypercholesterolemia.
Adjunctive methotrexate for treatment of giant cell arteritis: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Effect of supplementation of women in high-risk pregnancies with long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on pregnancy outcomes and growth measures at birth: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Ethnicity and the Mental Health Act 1983.
Gemcitabine-based combinations for inoperable pancreatic cancer: have we made real progress? A meta-analysis of 20 phase 3 trials.
Timing of chest radiotherapy in patients with limited stage small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of myeloperoxidase G-463/A polymorphism in anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-positive vasculitis.
Effect of loading time on the success of complete mandibular titanium implant retained overdentures: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of the cholesterol-lowering effect of ezetimibe added to ongoing statin therapy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of budesonide/formoterol in a single inhaler.
Thiazolidinediones and heart failure: a teleo-analysis.
Maternal obesity and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Meta-analysis of the effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on lipoproteins and other emerging lipid cardiovascular risk markers in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Fruit and vegetable consumption and gastric cancer by location and histological type: case-control and meta-analysis.
Balloon kyphoplasty in the management of vertebral compression fractures: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Among women undergoing embryo transfer, is the probability of pregnancy and live  birth improved with ultrasound guidance over clinical touch alone? A systemic review and meta-analysis of prospective randomized trials.
Pure versus mixed electrosurgical current for endoscopic biliary sphincterotomy:  a meta-analysis of adverse outcomes.
Intensive statin therapy in acute coronary syndromes and stable coronary heart disease: a comparative meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Coffee drinking and hepatocellular carcinoma risk: a meta-analysis.
[Stent thrombosis in the era of drug-eluting stents].
MTHFR C677T polymorphism and osteoporotic fractures.
Ecstasy (MDMA) and memory function: a meta-analytic update.
Effect of nocturnal nasal continuous positive airway pressure on blood pressure in obstructive sleep apnea.
Human papillomavirus type distribution in invasive cervical cancer and high-grade cervical lesions: a meta-analysis update.
Flurbiprofen in the symptomatic management of rheumatoid arthritis: a valuable alternative.
Circulatory disease and smokeless tobacco in Western populations: a review of the evidence.
Admission cardiotocography versus intermittent auscultation of fetal heart rate:  effects on neonatal Apgar score, on the rate of caesarean sections and on the rate of instrumental delivery--a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of the effects of glycerol-induced hyperhydration on fluid retention and endurance performance.
Should the tricuspid valve be replaced with a mechanical or biological valve?
A meta-analysis of the distinction between reactive and proactive aggression in children and adolescents.
Memory for emotionally neutral information in posttraumatic stress disorder: A meta-analytic investigation.
Prefrontal cortical functional abnormality in major depressive disorder: a stereotactic meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis to assess the efficacy of oral antiviral treatment to prevent genital herpes outbreaks.
Efficacy and safety of aminoglycoside monotherapy: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of Helicobacter pylori eradication on platelet count in idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prayer and health: review, meta-analysis, and research agenda.
The incidence of ischemic stroke in chronic heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Desflurane and sevoflurane in cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte associated antigen 4 gene polymorphisms and autoimmune thyroid disease: a meta-analysis.
Outcome of pharmacological treatments of pathological gambling: a review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between quality of reports of antidepressant randomized controlled trials and treatment estimates: systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression analysis.
Efficacy and safety of statin monotherapy in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Does the pulse pressure in people of European, African and South Asian descent differ? A systematic review and meta-analysis of UK data.
Prognostic superiority of daytime ambulatory over conventional blood pressure in  four populations: a meta-analysis of 7,030 individuals.
Does a change in angiotensin II formation caused by antihypertensive drugs affect the risk of stroke? A meta-analysis of trials according to treatment with potentially different effects on angiotensin II.
Magnesium intake and risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Perceptual-cognitive expertise in sport: a meta-analysis.
Cognitive decline after off-pump versus on-pump coronary artery bypass graft surgery: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Complications after laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK): results of a meta-analysis on incidences and expectable costs].
Presentation of childhood CNS tumours: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of tapering on performance: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the placebo response in complementary and alternative medicine trials of irritable bowel syndrome.
Efficacy and safety of opioids for osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis of randomized  controlled trials.
Tumor M2-pyruvate kinase as tumor marker in exocrine pancreatic cancer a meta-analysis.
Economic analysis of triptan therapy for acute migraine: a Medicaid perspective.
Process of care failures in invasive cervical cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of set-shifting ability in eating disorders.
Diagnostic performance of multidetector CT angiography for assessment of coronary artery disease: meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of studies of nurses' job satisfaction.
Complications of lung resection and exercise capacity: a meta-analysis.
Correlation between carotid intraplaque hemorrhage and clinical symptoms: systematic review of observational studies.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy versus mini-laparotomy cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis of randomised control trials.
Surgical site infections and supplemental perioperative oxygen in colorectal surgery patients: a systematic review.
Choice of approach for appendicectomy: a meta-analysis of open versus laparoscopic appendicectomy.
Reference values for hair cotinine as a biomarker of active and passive smoking in women of reproductive age, pregnant women, children, and neonates: systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Relative predispositional effects of HLA class II DRB1-DQB1 haplotypes and genotypes on type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
[News from the Cochrane Library: probiotics for the prevention of paediatric antibiotic-associated diarrhoea].
[Herceptin plus adjuvant chemotherapy for the prognosis of patients with human epithelial growth factor receptor 2 positive early-stage breast cancer: a meta-analysis].
[Effect of interferon-alpha treatment in children with hepatitis B e antigen-positive chronic hepatitis B virus infection: a meta-analysis of follow-up for six months to two years].
[Association of tumor necrosis factor alpha 308 G/A gene promoter polymorphism with the presence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis].
Identification of gene targets against dormant phase Mycobacterium tuberculosis infections.
Prognostic value of troponins in acute pulmonary embolism: a meta-analysis.
[Selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors for the prevention of colorectal adenomas: a meta-analysis].
Pharmacological venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in hospitalized medical patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[The role of vinpocetine in the treatment of cerebrovascular diseases based in human studies].
Impact of primary prophylaxis with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor on febrile neutropenia and mortality in adult cancer patients receiving chemotherapy: a systematic review.
Anticoagulation for thrombosis prophylaxis in cancer patients with central venous catheters.
Omega 3 fatty acids (fish oil) for maintenance of remission in ulcerative colitis.
Interventions for treating functional dysphonia in adults.
Chemotherapy and surgery versus surgery alone in non-small cell lung cancer.
Protein containing synthetic surfactant versus animal derived surfactant extract  for the prevention and treatment of respiratory distress syndrome.
Rosiglitazone for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cognitive behavioural therapy for men who physically abuse their female partner.
Progestogen for treating threatened miscarriage.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily injections of insulin for pregnant women with diabetes.
Acupuncture for insomnia.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) for depressive disorders in children and adolescents.
Psychosocial interventions for erectile dysfunction.
Oral water soluble contrast for the management of adhesive small bowel obstruction.
Nutritional interventions for reducing morbidity and mortality in people with HIV.
Paracetamol for pain relief after surgical removal of lower wisdom teeth.
School-based education programmes for the prevention of child sexual abuse.
Percutaneous central venous catheters versus peripheral cannulae for delivery of  parenteral nutrition in neonates.
Surgical management of pelvic organ prolapse in women.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for hernia repair.
Interventions for preventing posterior capsule opacification.
Surfactant for meconium aspiration syndrome in full term/near term infants.
Photodynamic therapy for neovascular age-related macular degeneration.
Topical treatments for fungal infections of the skin and nails of the foot.
Danazol for heavy menstrual bleeding.
Vitamin C for preventing and treating the common cold.
Intra-uterine insemination for male subfertility.
Elective high frequency oscillatory ventilation versus conventional ventilation for acute pulmonary dysfunction in preterm infants.
Offspring birth weight and parental mortality: prospective observational study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of association between the ASPN D-repeat and osteoarthritis.
Efficacy and safety of incretin therapy in type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Incidence of cancers in people with HIV/AIDS compared with immunosuppressed transplant recipients: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of COMT val158met in panic disorder: ethnic heterogeneity and gender specificity.
A meta-analysis of relationship between beta-fibrinogen gene -148C/T polymorphism and susceptibility to cerebral infarction in Han Chinese.
Meta-analysis: the effect of dietary counseling for weight loss.
Meta analysis of whole-genome linkage scans with data uncertainty: an application to Parkinson's disease.
Lamivudine and interferon versus lamivudine monotherapy for HBeAg-positive hepatitis B treatment: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: the efficacy of rectal beclomethasone dipropionate vs. 5-aminosalicylic acid in mild to moderate distal ulcerative colitis.
Effect of thiazolidinedione therapy on restenosis after coronary stent implantation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparison of retropubic vs transobturator approach to midurethral slings: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Procalcitonin test in the diagnosis of bacteremia: a meta-analysis.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis: a meta-analytic study.
Peripheral excision margins for dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: a meta-analysis  of spatial data.
A meta-analysis of quality of life for abdominoperineal excision of rectum versus anterior resection for rectal cancer.
Meta-analysis of valve hemodynamics and left ventricular mass regression for stentless versus stented aortic valves.
Meta-analysis of non-randomized comparative studies of the short-term outcomes of laparoscopic resection for colorectal cancer.
Does systemic leukocyte filtration affect perioperative hemorrhage in cardiac surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 4G/5G polymorphism and risk of ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Associations between postprandial insulin and blood glucose responses, appetite sensations and energy intake in normal weight and overweight individuals: a meta-analysis of test meal studies.
Theory of mind in schizophrenia: meta-analysis.
Clinicopathologic significance of BRAF V600E mutation in papillary carcinomas of  the thyroid: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: pesticides and orofacial clefts.
Treatment of acute scaphoid fractures: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of endometrial cancer: a meta-analysis.
IGF-1 CA repeat variant and breast cancer risk in postmenopausal women.
Meta-analysis of standardized incidence and mortality rates of childhood leukaemia in proximity to nuclear facilities.
Does sleeve lobectomy concomitant with or without pulmonary artery reconstruction (double sleeve) have favorable results for non-small cell lung cancer compared with pneumonectomy? A meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of conservative treatments for the lumbosacral radicular syndrome:  a systematic review.
[Exposure to pesticides and non-Hodgkin lymphoma. A meta-analysis of observational studies].
Nature, decay, and spiraling of the effects of fear-inducing arguments and HIV counseling and testing: a meta-analysis of the short- and long-term outcomes of HIV-prevention interventions.
The treatment of chronic hepatitis C in HIV-infected patients: a meta-analysis.
Is progesterone elevation on the day of human chorionic gonadotrophin administration associated with the probability of pregnancy in in vitro fertilization? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low-dose aspirin for in vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The efficacy of hypnotherapy in the treatment of psychosomatic disorders: meta-analytical evidence.
Depression and the risk for cardiovascular diseases: systematic review and meta analysis.
Alcohol consumption and erectile dysfunction: meta-analysis of population-based studies.
In or out? Methodological considerations for including and excluding findings from a meta-analysis of predictors of antiretroviral adherence in HIV-positive women.
Auricular acupuncture treatment for insomnia: a systematic review.
Trust, trustworthiness, and trust propensity: a meta-analytic test of their unique relationships with risk taking and job performance.
A meta-analytic review of double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of antidepressant efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids.
Is low folate a risk factor for depression? A meta-analysis and exploration of heterogeneity.
Somatostatin and gabexate for post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis prevention: meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Efficacy of oral chlorhexidine in preventing lower respiratory tract infections.  Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
TCF7L2 is reproducibly associated with type 2 diabetes in various ethnic groups:  a global meta-analysis.
Prevention of infection in peripheral arterial reconstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of stability of autografts compared to allografts after anterior  cruciate ligament reconstruction.
Evaluation of echinacea for the prevention and treatment of the common cold: a meta-analysis.
Worldwide prevalence and genotype distribution of cervical human papillomavirus DNA in women with normal cytology: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis technique confirms the effectiveness of anti-TNF-alpha in the management of active ulcerative colitis when administered in combination with corticosteroids.
Mycophenolate mofetil in induction and maintenance therapy of severe lupus nephritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Towards a nosology for frontotemporal lobar degenerations-a meta-analysis involving 267 subjects.
Meta-analysis of pelvic floor muscle training: randomized controlled trials in incontinent women.
[The efficacy of indapamide in different cardiovascular outcome--meta-analysis].
The effects and mechanisms of primiparity on the risk of pre-eclampsia: a systematic review.
Efficacy of electrical nerve stimulation for chronic musculoskeletal pain: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparing pain reduction following kyphoplasty and vertebroplasty for osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures.
Use of gabapentin for perioperative pain control -- a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the neurocognitive sequelae of treatment for childhood acute lymphocytic leukemia.
Risk of myocardial infarction associated with selective COX-2 inhibitors: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Do glucocorticoids decrease mortality in acute respiratory distress syndrome? A meta-analysis.
Review and meta-analysis of the epidemiology of congenital cytomegalovirus (CMV)  infection.
PADI4 polymorphisms and rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of inhibiting tumour necrosis factor alpha and interleukin 1 in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis and adjusted indirect comparisons.
Anterior cingulate volumes in schizophrenia: a systematic review and a meta-analysis of MRI studies.
Meta-analysis of stigma and mental health.
[Systematic assessment of acupuncture for treatment of herpes zoster in domestic  clinical studies].
Short-term efficacy of physical interventions in osteoarthritic knee pain. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled trials.
Do immunisations reduce the risk for SIDS? A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: acupuncture for osteoarthritis of the knee.
Meta-analysis: antithrombotic therapy to prevent stroke in patients who have nonvalvular atrial fibrillation.
Predicting nursing home admission in the U.S: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the effect of exercise training on left ventricular remodeling in heart failure patients: the benefit depends on the type of training performed.
Meta-analysis of clodronate and breast cancer survival.
Meta-analysis of magnesium therapy for the acute management of rapid atrial fibrillation.
Adjusted indirect meta-analysis of aspirin plus warfarin at international normalized ratios 2 to 3 versus aspirin plus clopidogrel after acute coronary syndromes.
Meta-analysis of structural imaging findings in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Lack of an association between the TGFBR1*6A variant and colorectal cancer risk.
Effect of rosiglitazone on the risk of myocardial infarction and death from cardiovascular causes.
Cisplatin- versus carboplatin-based chemotherapy in first-line treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of association studies between the 10-repeat allele of a VNTR polymorphism in the 3'-UTR of dopamine transporter gene and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Meta-analysis comparing the effectiveness and adverse outcomes of antifibrinolytic agents in cardiac surgery.
Efficacy of folic acid supplementation in stroke prevention: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of cemented and uncemented fixation in total hip replacement: a meta-analysis.
Psychological treatments of subthreshold depression: a meta-analytic review.
Association between dopamine transporter genotypes and smoking cessation: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of trials of pulmonary hypertension: a clinical condition looking for drugs and research methodology.
Docosahexaenoic and arachidonic acid concentrations in human breast milk worldwide.
Pooled analysis and meta-analysis of the glutathione S-transferase P1 Ile 105Val  polymorphism and bladder cancer: a HuGE-GSEC review.
Therapist affect focus and patient outcomes in psychodynamic psychotherapy: a meta-analysis.
The pylorus: take it or leave it? Systematic review and meta-analysis of pylorus-preserving versus standard whipple pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic or periampullary cancer.
Surgery of left ventricular aneurysm: a meta-analysis of early outcomes following different reconstruction techniques.
Treatment of sudden sensorineural hearing loss: II. A Meta-analysis.
Examining the evidence on neuromuscular electrical stimulation for swallowing: a  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of HLA-DRB1 polymorphism in Latin American patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Asymptomatic bacterial vaginosis and intermediate flora as risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcome.
Diagnostic hysteroscopy in abnormal uterine bleeding: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of early vs deferred hormonal treatment of locally advanced prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of statins on bone mineral density: a meta-analysis of clinical studies.
Time-dependent clearance of mycophenolic acid in renal transplant recipients.
Does plyometric training improve vertical jump height? A meta-analytical review.
Meta-analysis of epidural analgesia versus parenteral opioid analgesia after colorectal surgery.
Meta-analysis of racial disparities in survival in association with socioeconomic status among men and women with colon cancer.
A systematic review of myeloid leukemias and occupational pesticide exposure.
Efficacy of adjuvant immunochemotherapy with polysaccharide K for patients with curative resections of gastric cancer.
High-dose chemotherapy with autologous stem cell support in first-line treatment  of aggressive non-Hodgkin lymphoma - results of a comprehensive meta-analysis.
High dose chemotherapy for poor prognosis breast cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gender, genotype, and phenotype differences in Smith-Magenis syndrome: a meta-analysis of 105 cases.
Effect of different lipid emulsions on the immunological function in humans: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
What are the active ingredients in cognitive and behavioral psychotherapy for anxious and depressed children? A meta-analytic review.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of a single dose of phenylephrine 10 mg compared with placebo in adults with acute nasal congestion due to the common cold.
Diagnostic precision of magnetic resonance imaging for preoperative prediction of the circumferential margin involvement in patients with rectal cancer.
Valproate in the treatment of PTSD: systematic review and meta analysis.
The development of new-onset type 2 diabetes associated with choosing a calcium channel blocker compared to a diuretic or beta-blocker.
Lack of association between polymorphisms in the gene encoding protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTPN1) and risk of Type 2 diabetes.
The risk of cancer in patients with Crohn's disease.
[Cholinesterase inhibitors and Alzheimer's disease: meta-analysis of the verification of effectiveness, origin and bias of results in published studies].
Responses to weight loss treatment among obese individuals with and without BED:  a matched-study meta-analysis.
Music in the endoscopy suite: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
New statistical method for analyzing time to first seizure: example using data comparing carbamazepine and valproate monotherapy.
Activity of chemotherapy in the palliative treatment of salivary gland tumors: review of the literature.
Heparin-bonded circuits versus nonheparin-bonded circuits: an evaluation of their effect on clinical outcomes.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage studies for multiple sclerosis, using an extended GSMA method.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of the relationship between hospital volume and outcome following carotid endarterectomy.
Macrolides, quinolones and amoxicillin/clavulanate for chronic bronchitis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the influence of inflammatory bowel disease on pregnancy.
Prognosis of acute myeloid leukemia patients up to 60 years of age exhibiting trisomy 8 within a non-complex karyotype: individual patient data-based meta-analysis of the German Acute Myeloid Leukemia Intergroup.
Promoting bicycle helmet wearing by children using non-legislative interventions: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Behavioral outcomes of Parent-Child Interaction Therapy and Triple P-Positive Parenting Program: a review and meta-analysis.
Is there any role for allergen avoidance in the primary prevention of childhood asthma?
The biologic effects and the therapeutic mechanism of action of electric and electromagnetic field stimulation on bone and cartilage: new findings and a review of earlier work.
The automaticity of emotional Stroop: a meta-analysis.
Safety of simultaneous bilateral total knee arthroplasty. A meta-analysis.
Restrictive filling pattern is a powerful predictor of heart failure events postacute myocardial infarction and in established heart failure: a literature-based meta-analysis.
The role of vitamin D and calcium in type 2 diabetes. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Smoking interferes with the prognosis of dental implant treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the efficacy of antiretroviral therapies for reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV infection.
Acceleration and augmentation of antidepressants with lithium for depressive disorders: two meta-analyses of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Augmentation of antidepressants with atypical antipsychotic medications for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Reducing relapse and recurrence in unipolar depression: a comparative meta-analysis of cognitive-behavioral therapy's effects.
Disordered gambling among college students: a meta-analytic synthesis.
Design-related bias in hospital fall risk screening tool predictive accuracy evaluations: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between the G1246A polymorphism of the hypocretin receptor 2 gene and cluster headache: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of 1,000 mg effervescent aspirin: individual patient data meta-analysis of three trials in migraine headache and migraine accompanying symptoms.
Parent-initiated oral corticosteroid therapy for intermittent wheezing illnesses  in children: systematic review.
Psychological and cognitive functioning in children and adolescents with congenital heart disease: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the association between stress and health in Taiwan.
Microvessel density as a prognostic factor in non-small-cell lung carcinoma: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Health beliefs, disease severity, and patient adherence: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the IPF1 D76N polymorphism in a worldwide type 2 diabetes population.
The met(158) allele of catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) is associated with obsessive-compulsive disorder in men: case-control study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of neuropsychological symptoms of adolescents and adults with PKU.
Heterogeneity in anatomic outcome of sacrospinous ligament fixation for prolapse: a systematic review.
Could a policy of provision of hip protectors to elderly nursing home residents result in cost savings in acute hip fracture care? The case of Ontario, Canada.
Role of zinc administration in prevention of childhood diarrhea and respiratory illnesses: a meta-analysis.
Statins and fracture risk. A systematic review.
Meta-analysis of azelastine nasal spray for the treatment of allergic rhinitis.
Blood transfusion and risk of metastatic disease or recurrence in patients undergoing immediate TRAM flap breast reconstruction: a clinical study and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of the platelet function analyzer (PFA-100) for the detection of disorders of primary haemostasis in patients with a bleeding history-a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis reveals no association of the Val66Met polymorphism of brain-derived neurotrophic factor with either schizophrenia or bipolar disorder.
Can we predict suicide and non-fatal self-harm with the Beck Hopelessness Scale?  A meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the 2004 campaign polls: an analogy to practice and publication in psychology.
The efficacy of behavioral interventions in reducing HIV risk sex behaviors and incident sexually transmitted disease in black and Hispanic sexually transmitted  disease clinic patients in the United States: a meta-analytic review.
Meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging data: current and future directions.
Lipoprotein (a) and stroke: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of traditional Chinese patent medicine for ischemic stroke.
[A meta-analysis of effects of job stress management interventions (SMIs)].
Open compared with closed haemorrhoidectomy: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Thalidomide and thrombosis. A meta-analysis.
Association between the plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 4G/5G polymorphism and  venous thrombosis. A meta-analysis.
Age-related changes in heritability of behavioral phenotypes over adolescence and young adulthood: a meta-analysis.
[Vacuum-assisted closure therapy. Current status and basic research].
Is sentinel lymph node mapping in colorectal cancer a future prognostic factor? A meta-analysis.
[Correlative analysis of postpartum depression].
[Meta-analysis on the relationship between IL8-251 gene polymorphism and gastric  cancer].
[Meta-analysis on relationship between FasL and gastric cancer].
Lack of association between the platelet glycoprotein Ia C807T gene polymorphism  and coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Effect of aerobic exercise training on serum levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol: a meta-analysis.
Antiplatelet agents for prevention of pre-eclampsia: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Cross-study analysis of gene expression data for intermediate neuroblastoma identifies two biological subtypes.
Factors influencing the spatial extent of mobile source air pollution impacts: a  meta-analysis.
Frequency of adverse events in patients with poor anticoagulation: a meta-analysis.
Low-density lipoprotein-dependent and -independent effects of cholesterol-lowering therapies on C-reactive protein: a meta-analysis.
Ki-67 as prognostic marker in early breast cancer: a meta-analysis of published studies involving 12,155 patients.
Use of luteinising-hormone-releasing hormone agonists as adjuvant treatment in premenopausal patients with hormone-receptor-positive breast cancer: a meta-analysis of individual patient data from randomised adjuvant trials.
Self-management of oral anticoagulant therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials of drug-eluting stents versus bare metal stents in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Fiber and magnesium intake and incidence of type 2 diabetes: a prospective study  and meta-analysis.
Estimating the protective concentration of anti-pneumococcal capsular polysaccharide antibodies.
Testing for HER2-positive breast cancer: a systematic review and cost-effectiveness analysis.
[Effect of long-term continuous positive airway pressure ventilation on blood pressure in patients with obstructive sleep apnea hypopnea syndrome: a meta-analysis of clinical trials].
Obesity and the risk of gallbladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Telemonitoring or structured telephone support programmes for patients with chronic heart failure: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immunochemotherapy with rituximab and overall survival in patients with indolent  or mantle cell lymphoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accident proneness, does it exist? A review and meta-analysis.
The impact of pharmaceutical company funding on results of randomized trials of nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation: a meta-analysis.
The effects of reminiscence on psychological well-being in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Effect of the G-308A polymorphism of the tumor necrosis factor alpha gene on the  risk of ischemic heart disease and ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical trials on use of drug-eluting stents for treatment of acute myocardial infarction.
Effect of high-carbohydrate or high-cis-monounsaturated fat diets on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of intervention trials.
Efficacy of conjugated linoleic acid for reducing fat mass: a meta-analysis in humans.
Genetic effects versus bias for candidate polymorphisms in myocardial infarction: case study and overview of large-scale evidence.
Value of the hepatic venous pressure gradient to monitor drug therapy for portal  hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Low bone mineral density and fractures in long-term hemodialysis patients: a meta-analysis.
Hyperhomocysteinemia and MTHFR polymorphisms in association with orofacial clefts and congenital heart defects: a meta-analysis.
Correlates of anxiety symptoms during pregnancy and association with perinatal outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Patient-requested neuraxial analgesia for labor: impact on rates of cesarean and  instrumental vaginal delivery.
Moderate alcohol use and reduced mortality risk: systematic error in prospective  studies and new hypotheses.
Duration of chemotherapy with topotecan influences survival in recurrent ovarian  cancer: a meta-analysis.
Neurodevelopmental outcomes of neonates with medically and surgically treated necrotizing enterocolitis.
Donor breast milk versus infant formula for preterm infants: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Overlooking the obvious: a meta-analytic comparison of digit symbol coding tasks  and other cognitive measures in schizophrenia.
Would Confucius benefit from psychotherapy? The compatibility of cognitive behaviour therapy and Chinese values.
Transobturator and retropubic tape procedures in stress urinary incontinence: a systematic review and meta-analysis of effectiveness and complications.
International study into the use of intermittent hormone therapy in the treatment of carcinoma of the prostate: a meta-analysis of 1446 patients.
-G308A tumor necrosis factor alpha functional polymorphism and schizophrenia risk: meta-analysis plus association study.
Genetic polymorphism of XRCC3 Thr241Met and breast cancer risk: case-control study in Korean women and meta-analysis of 12 studies.
A meta-analysis of the success rate of Helicobacter pylori therapy in Canada.
Endoscopic ultrasound: a meta-analysis of test performance in suspected biliary obstruction.
ACL reconstruction: a meta-analysis of functional scores.
Prenatal multivitamin supplementation and rates of pediatric cancers: a meta-analysis.
Paroxetine and congenital malformations: meta-Analysis and consideration of potential confounding factors.
Cholesterol reduction yields clinical benefits: meta-analysis including recent trials.
Meta-analysis of short-term and long-term outcomes of J, W and S ileal reservoirs for restorative proctocolectomy.
Rapid response systems: a systematic review.
Comparative effectiveness of pioglitazone and rosiglitazone in type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, and the metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Hypertension, antihypertensive therapy and renal-cell cancer: a meta-analysis.
Use of pulmonary artery catheters in advanced heart failure.
Combination therapy with an ACE inhibitor and an angiotensin receptor blocker for diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Thiazolidinediones and the risk of edema: a meta-analysis.
Metabolic effects of interventions to increase exercise in adults with type 2 diabetes.
Laparoscopic surgery for Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Hyaluronic acid fluid agents for the prevention of adhesions after fertility-preserving gynecological surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Coffee consumption and risk of liver cancer: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of EUS for vascular invasion in pancreatic and periampullary  cancers: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Are self-collected samples comparable to physician-collected cervical specimens for human papillomavirus DNA testing? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Psychological interventions for arthritis pain management in adults: a meta-analysis.
Metformin versus oral contraceptive pill in polycystic ovary syndrome: a Cochrane review.
Antidepressant prophylaxis for poststroke depression: a meta-analysis.
Body mass index and pancreatic cancer risk: A meta-analysis of prospective studies.
A systematic review of the function and complications of colonic pouches.
Comparison of short-term outcomes of laparoscopic vs open approaches to ileal pouch surgery.
The efficacy and safety of risperidone in the treatment of psychosis of Alzheimer's disease and mixed dementia: a meta-analysis of 4 placebo-controlled clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of intraperitoneal cisplatin for the front-line treatment of ovarian cancer.
Prevalence of erectile dysfunction in Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
Physical activity and erectile dysfunction: meta-analysis of population-based studies.
A meta-analysis of quantitative trait loci associated with body weight and adiposity in mice.
Effect of amifostine on response rates in locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer patients treated on randomized controlled trials: a meta-analysis.
Deep-level composition variables as predictors of team performance: a meta-analysis.
Does the use of preoperative aspirin increase the risk of bleeding in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting surgery? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence synthesis combining individual patient data and aggregate data: a systematic review identified current practice and possible methods.
Effectiveness of fluoride in preventing caries in adults.
Cyclosporin in the treatment of patients with atopic eczema - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus and circumcision: a meta-analysis.
Epidermal growth factor receptor mutations and their correlation with gefitinib therapy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis based on updated individual patient data from six medical centers in mainland China.
Efficacy and safety of cefepime: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Should the Gleason grading system for prostate cancer be modified to account for  high-grade tertiary components? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
A review and meta-analysis of prostate cancer utilities.
Diagnostic efficacy of sentinel node biopsy in oral squamous cell carcinoma. Cohort study and meta-analysis.
Association of the DRD2 gene Taq1A polymorphism and alcoholism: a meta-analysis of case-control studies and evidence of publication bias.
Effects of the catechol-O-methyltransferase Val158Met polymorphism on executive function: a meta-analysis of the Wisconsin Card Sort Test in schizophrenia and healthy controls.
Efficacy of prophylactic antibiotics against meningitis after craniotomy: a meta-analysis.
Heterogeneous effect of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma2 Ala12 variant on type 2 diabetes risk.
Fibrinolytic defects and recurrent miscarriage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the analgesic effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation for inflammatory joint pain.
Absorbable versus nonabsorbable sutures in the management of traumatic lacerations and surgical wounds: a meta-analysis.
The effect of walking on fitness, fatness and resting blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomised, controlled trials.
What is the best site for embryo deposition? A systematic review and meta-analysis using direct and adjusted indirect comparisons.
Meta-analysis of putative human bornavirus sequences fails to provide evidence implicating Borna disease virus in mental illness.
Combined analysis of three whole genome linkage scans for Ankylosing Spondylitis.
Antibodies to Toxoplasma gondii in patients with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of associations between the presence of acute ischemic lesions  on diffusion-weighted imaging and clinical predictors of early stroke risk after  transient ischemic attack.
Comparison of outcomes following ileostomy versus colostomy for defunctioning colorectal anastomoses.
[Treatment of Alzheimer disease: an evidence-based review].
[Evaluation of milk intake and calcium supplement on bone mineral density and growth in children through Meta-analysis].
Oral decontamination for prevention of pneumonia in mechanically ventilated adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The consequences of waiting for cataract surgery: a systematic review.
An individual patient data meta-analysis of adjuvant therapy with uracil-tegafur  (UFT) in patients with curatively resected rectal cancer.
Sentinel lymph node molecular ultrastaging in patients with melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prognosis.
Initial hormonal management of androgen-sensitive metastatic, recurrent, or progressive prostate cancer: 2006 update of an American Society of Clinical Oncology practice guideline.
Omega 3 fatty acids (fish oil) for maintenance of remission in Crohn's disease.
Lamotrigine for acute and chronic pain.
Cotrimoxazole for prophylaxis or treatment of opportunistic infections of HIV/AIDS in patients with previous history of hypersensitivity to cotrimoxazole.
Tailored interventions based on sputum eosinophils versus clinical symptoms for asthma in children and adults.
Topical cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator gene replacement for  cystic fibrosis-related lung disease.
Early developmental intervention programs post hospital discharge to prevent motor and cognitive impairments in preterm infants.
Bicycle helmet legislation for the uptake of helmet use and prevention of head injuries.
Oxygen therapy during exercise training in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Interventions for preventing venous thromboembolism in adults undergoing knee arthroscopy.
Steroids for acute sinusitis.
Wholegrain cereals for coronary heart disease.
Topical lidocaine for the treatment of postherpetic neuralgia.
EMG biofeedback for the recovery of motor function after stroke.
Effectiveness of brief alcohol interventions in primary care populations.
Fetal pulse oximetry for fetal assessment in labour.
Adjuvant radiotherapy for stage I endometrial cancer.
Prolonged versus short course of indomethacin for the treatment of patent ductus  arteriosus in preterm infants.
Intravenous magnesium for acute myocardial infarction.
Conservative management for postprostatectomy urinary incontinence.
Conjugate vaccines for preventing Haemophilus influenzae type B infections.
Prolonged antibiotics for purulent bronchiectasis in children and adults.
Clinical response and risk for reported suicidal ideation and suicide attempts in pediatric antidepressant treatment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: chondroitin for osteoarthritis of the knee or hip.
Association between C-reactive protein and recurrence of atrial fibrillation after successful electrical cardioversion: a meta-analysis.
[Efficacy and safety of sildenafil therapy in pulmonary artery hypertension: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis: Lactobacillus GG for treating acute diarrhoea in children.
Meta-analysis: mortality in Crohn's disease.
Birth weight and subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Azithromycin for the secondary prevention of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Cancer cell lines as genetic models of their parent histology: analyses based on  array comparative genomic hybridization.
Impact of maternal HIV coinfection on the vertical transmission of hepatitis C virus: a meta-analysis.
Evidence for novel susceptibility genes for late-onset Alzheimer's disease from a genome-wide association study of putative functional variants.
Fish oil treatment for kidney transplant recipients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of nitric oxide on oxygenation and mortality in acute lung injury: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions to improve water quality for preventing diarrhoea: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association of serotonin transporter gene polymorphism with  obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Boys are more stunted than girls in sub-Saharan Africa: a meta-analysis of 16 demographic and health surveys.
Individual patient data meta-analysis of docetaxel administered once every 3 weeks compared with once every week second-line treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Meta-analysis of BRCA1 and BRCA2 penetrance.
Effect of cocoa and tea intake on blood pressure: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review: the long-term effects of false-positive mammograms.
Estrogen Receptor 1 gene (ESR1) variants in Alzheimer's disease. Results of a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of desloratadine in the treatment of allergic rhinitis: a meta-analysis  of randomized, double-blind, controlled trials.
The efficacy and safety of combination glycoprotein IIbIIIa inhibitors and reduced-dose thrombolytic therapy-facilitated percutaneous coronary intervention  for ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Effect of inhibition of the renin-angiotensin system on development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (meta-analysis of randomized trials).
Soy isoflavones lower serum total and LDL cholesterol in humans: a meta-analysis  of 11 randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic precision of fecal calprotectin for inflammatory bowel disease and colorectal malignancy.
Effects of soft drink consumption on nutrition and health: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Overweight, obesity, and incident asthma: a meta-analysis of prospective epidemiologic studies.
The incidence of after cataract following three different types of cataract surgery in children: a meta-analysis.
Defining the optimal treatment of locally advanced esophageal cancer: a systematic review and decision analysis.
Second-generation antipsychotic agents in the treatment of acute mania: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Aerobic exercise and lipids and lipoproteins in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Eastern minds in western cockpits: meta-analysis of human factors in mishaps from three nations.
A meta-analysis of unrelated donor umbilical cord blood transplantation versus unrelated donor bone marrow transplantation in adult and pediatric patients.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met and psychiatric disorders: meta-analysis of case-control studies confirm association to substance-related disorders, eating disorders, and schizophrenia.
On the association between statin and fracture: a Bayesian consideration.
Treatment of cryptosporidiosis in immunocompromised individuals: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Therapeutic effect of follow-up assessments on antidepressant and placebo response rates in antidepressant efficacy trials: meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of oral water-soluble contrast agent in the management of adhesive  small bowel obstruction.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of the relationship between volume and outcome in abdominal aortic aneurysm surgery.
Screening for prostate cancer: a Cochrane systematic review.
Malignant distal biliary obstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of endoscopic and surgical bypass results.
Social anxiety spectrum and diminished positive experiences: theoretical synthesis and meta-analysis.
Behavioral activation treatments of depression: a meta-analysis.
Chemonucleolysis in lumbar disc herniation: a meta-analysis.
Williams Syndrome: development of a new scoring system for clinical diagnosis.
A meta-analysis of randomized control trials comparing minimally invasive direct  coronary bypass grafting versus percutaneous coronary intervention for stenosis of the proximal left anterior descending artery.
Nutritional modulation of exercise-induced immunodepression in athletes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms in vasoactive genes and preeclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Ultrasonography as a tool for the prediction of outcome in IVF patients: a comparative meta-analysis of ovarian volume and antral follicle count.
Prophylactic administration of somatostatin or gabexate does not prevent pancreatitis after ERCP: an updated meta-analysis.
The end of submacular surgery for age-related macular degeneration? A meta-analysis.
Effects of platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor blockers in non-ST segment elevation acute coronary syndromes: benefit and harm in different age subgroups.
Effect of perioperative corticosteroid use on the incidence of postcardiothoracic surgery atrial fibrillation and length of stay.
Integrating epidemiology and toxicology in neurotoxicity risk assessment.
Do statins reduce blood pressure?: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Comparison of closed endotracheal suction versus open endotracheal suction in the development of ventilator-associated pneumonia in intensive care patients: an evaluation using meta-analytic techniques.
Immunohistochemical and functional biomarkers of value in female genital tract lesions: a systematic review with statistical meta-analysis.
Does pyloroplasty following esophagectomy improve early clinical outcomes?
Coping and adjustment in children with cancer: a meta-analytic study.
Hip protectors decrease hip fracture risk in elderly nursing home residents: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) add-on therapy for the negative symptoms of schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
An independent meta-analysis using summary data for clinical response, remission, and discontinuation for any reason from the 6 pivotal phase III randomized clinical trials of duloxetine in major depressive disorder.
Augmentation with a second antipsychotic in patients with schizophrenia who partially respond to clozapine: a meta-analysis.
Impact of study design on the results of continuation studies of antidepressants.
Pegylated interferon-alpha2beta in combination with ribavirin does not aggravate  thyroid dysfunction in comparison to regular interferon-alpha2beta in a hepatitis C population: meta-analysis.
Coenzyme Q10 in the treatment of hypertension: a meta-analysis of the clinical trials.
Minilaparoscopic versus conventional laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Identifying the variables impacting post-burn psychological adjustment: a meta-analysis.
The effect of low-molecular-weight heparin on cancer survival. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
MICA marks additional risk factors for Type 1 diabetes on extended HLA haplotypes: an association and meta-analysis.
Lost in translation: treatment trials in the SOD1 mouse and in human ALS.
The correlation of carotid plaque pathohistologic features and neurological symptoms: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Risk of prematurity, low birthweight and pre-eclampsia in relation to working hours and physical activities: a systematic review.
Risk of corneal inflammatory events with silicone hydrogel and low dk hydrogel extended contact lens wear: a meta-analysis.
Discrepancies in bone mineral density and fracture risk in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes--a meta-analysis.
Childhood-onset idiopathic intracranial hypertension: relation of sex and obesity.
Comment on sodium cromoglicate: an ineffective drug or meta-analysis misused? by  Stevens et al., Pharmaceutical Statistics.
Sodium cromoglicate: an ineffective drug or meta-analysis misused?
Re sodium cromoglicate: an ineffective drug or meta-analysis misused?
Genetics of ischaemic stroke among persons of non-European descent: a meta-analysis of eight genes involving approximately 32,500 individuals.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene polymorphisms and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
The effect of cholecalciferol (vitamin D3) on the risk of fall and fracture: a meta-analysis.
Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma--meta-analyses of the effects of corticosteroids and non-steroidal anti-inflammatories.
A meta-analysis of children's hand-to-mouth frequency data for estimating nondietary ingestion exposure.
Perioperative chemotherapy in muscle-invasive bladder cancer to enhance survival  and/or as a strategy for bladder preservation.
Redefining success in airway surgery for obstructive sleep apnea: a meta analysis and synthesis of the evidence.
A meta-analysis of human embryonic stem cells transcriptome integrated into a web-based expression atlas.
Risk of rupture of unruptured intracranial aneurysms in relation to patient and aneurysm characteristics: an updated meta-analysis.
A validity generalization perspective on the ability of undergraduate GPA and the medical college admission test to predict important outcomes.
Factor XIII Val34Leu variant and the risk of myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
The intention-to-treat principle in clinical trials and meta-analyses of leukoreduced blood transfusions in surgical patients.
[Vacuum-assisted closure therapy and wound coverage in soft tissue injury. Clinical use].
White-blood-cell-containing allogeneic blood transfusion and postoperative infection or mortality: an updated meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of interventions for informal stroke caregivers.
[Qingrelishi-category Chinese medicine for chronic prostatitis: a systematic review].
[Meta-analysis on the association of Myocilin Q368X mutation and primary open angle glaucoma].
A meta-analysis of kidney microarray datasets: investigation of cytokine gene detection and correlation with rt-PCR and detection thresholds.
Loperamide therapy for acute diarrhea in children: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of minimally invasive internal thoracic artery bypass versus percutaneous revascularisation for isolated lesions of the left anterior descending artery.
Late vs early clamping of the umbilical cord in full-term neonates: systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials.
Evidence for placebo effects on physical but not on biochemical outcome parameters: a review of clinical trials.
Outcomes of stenting after uncomplicated ureteroscopy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: cancer risk of low-grade dysplasia in chronic ulcerative colitis.
Meta-analysis: antibiotic prophylaxis to prevent peristomal infection following percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy.
Comparison of coronary atherosclerotic volume in patients with glomerular filtration rates < or = 60 versus > 60 ml/min/1.73 m(2): a meta-analysis of intravascular ultrasound studies.
Betel quid not containing tobacco and oral cancer: a report on a case-control study in Papua New Guinea and a meta-analysis of current evidence.
Arterial versus capillary blood gases: a meta-analysis.
Using mixed treatment comparisons and meta-regression to perform indirect comparisons to estimate the efficacy of biologic treatments in rheumatoid arthritis.
Incidence, timing, and correlates of stent thrombosis with the polymeric paclitaxel drug-eluting stent: a TAXUS II, IV, V, and VI meta-analysis of 3,445 patients followed for up to 3 years.
Use of antiretroviral therapy in pregnant HIV-infected women and the risk of premature delivery: a meta-analysis.
Effects of antithyroid drugs on radioiodine treatment: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Fracture prevention with vitamin D supplementation: considering the inconsistent  results.
Meta-analysis: new tests for the diagnosis of latent tuberculosis infection: areas of uncertainty and recommendations for research.
The prognostic significance of restrictive diastolic filling associated with heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Carotid endarterectomy versus carotid stenting: an updated review of randomized trials and subgroup analyses.
The effect of exercise on outcomes for hospitalised older acute medical patients: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Comparative accuracy of renal duplex sonographic parameters in the diagnosis of renal artery stenosis: paired and unpaired analysis.
Meta-analysis: randomized controlled trials of clindamycin/aminoglycoside vs. beta-lactam monotherapy for the treatment of intra-abdominal infections.
Meta-analysis: Helicobacter pylori eradication treatment efficacy in children.
Adjunctive mechanical devices to prevent distal embolization in patients undergoing mechanical revascularization for acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis comparing the effect of drug-eluting versus bare metal stents on risk of acute myocardial infarction during follow-up.
Overall and cause-specific mortality in ulcerative colitis: meta-analysis of population-based inception cohort studies.
Inflammatory bowel disease is not a risk factor for cardiovascular disease mortality: results from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparing CT colonography, air contrast barium enema, and colonoscopy.
Meta-analysis of first trimester Down syndrome screening studies: free beta-human chorionic gonadotropin significantly outperforms intact human chorionic gonadotropin in a multimarker protocol.
Efficacy of different intraocular lens materials and optic edge designs in preventing posterior capsular opacification: a meta-analysis.
Calpain-10 variants and haplotypes are associated with polycystic ovary syndrome  in Caucasians.
Optimal vitamin D status for colorectal cancer prevention: a quantitative meta analysis.
The effectiveness of assertive community treatment for homeless populations with  severe mental illness: a meta-analysis.
Lung cancer risk and workplace exposure to environmental tobacco smoke.
Impact of inhaled corticosteroid-induced oropharyngeal adverse events: results from a meta-analysis.
What evidence is there that adjustment for adult height influences the relationship between birth weight and blood pressure?
Monte Carlo simulation to reconstruct formaldehyde exposure levels from summary parameters reported in the literature.
Chemotherapy for advanced, recurrent or metastatic endometrial cancer: a systematic review of Cochrane collaboration.
Efficacy and safety of oral phenylephrine: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A functional M196R polymorphism of tumour necrosis factor receptor type 2 is associated with systemic lupus erythematosus: a case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Prophylactic antibiotics for mesh inguinal hernioplasty: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of anticancer drug structures--significance of their polar allylic  moieties.
Brain volumes in relatives of patients with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopically assisted vs open colectomy for colon cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of aggression or hostility events in randomized, controlled clinical trials of atomoxetine for ADHD.
Evidence-based strategies for reducing cesarean section rates: a meta-analysis.
Neuromuscular monitoring and postoperative residual curarisation: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of standard and extended lymphadenectomy in pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic cancer.
Consumption of different types of meat and the risk of renal cancer: meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing anti-embolic devices with standard PCI for improving myocardial reperfusion in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Language and theory of mind: meta-analysis of the relation between language ability and false-belief understanding.
Diagnostic accuracy of cystatin C compared to serum creatinine for the estimation of renal dysfunction in adults and children--a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on the effects of antibiotic treatment on duration of symptoms caused by infection with Campylobacter species.
Predicting coma and other low responsive patients outcome using event-related brain potentials: a meta-analysis.
Examining the association between parenting and childhood anxiety: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of family-behavioral weight-loss treatments for children.
Interference resolution: insights from a meta-analysis of neuroimaging tasks.
Sex differences in Cloninger's temperament dimensions--a meta-analysis.
Loop diuretics in the management of acute renal failure: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of topical prostaglandin analogues intra-ocular pressure lowering in glaucoma therapy.
Impact of gender on statin efficacy.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage studies of quantitative lipid traits in families ascertained for type 2 diabetes.
Common variation in the LMNA gene (encoding lamin A/C) and type 2 diabetes: association analyses in 9,518 subjects.
Genetic variation, C-reactive protein levels, and incidence of diabetes.
A meta-analysis of literature data relating to the relationships between cadmium  intake and toxicity indicators in humans.
Obesity and the risk of epithelial ovarian cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
CT colonography: results and limitations.
Carbapenems for the treatment of immunocompetent adult patients with nosocomial pneumonia.
Teaching patient communication skills to medical students: a review of randomized controlled trials.
Human chorionic gonadotropin administration vs. luteinizing monitoring for intrauterine insemination timing, after administration of clomiphene citrate: a meta-analysis.
Foot orthoses in lower limb overuse conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between risk perception and health behavior: the example of vaccination.
Laparoscopy or laparotomy for distal tubal surgery? A meta-analysis.
Protective effect of bacillus Calmette Guerin (BCG) vaccine in the prevention of  leprosy: a meta-analysis.
Interferon therapy for HCV-associated glomerulonephritis: meta-analysis of controlled trials.
MTHFR C677T and colorectal cancer risk: A meta-analysis of 25 populations.
Rifampicin-impregnated central venous catheters: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Differential challenge stressor-hindrance stressor relationships with job attitudes, turnover intentions, turnover, and withdrawal behavior: a meta-analysis.
Interpersonal deviance, organizational deviance, and their common correlates: a review and meta-analysis.
Retesting in selection: a meta-analysis of coaching and practice effects for tests of cognitive ability.
Effect of theophylline associated with short-acting or long-acting inhaled beta2-agonists in patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of accommodating intraocular lenses.
Probiotics in the prevention of traveler's diarrhea: meta-analysis.
Efficacy of slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of resistant auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Lithium treatment reduces suicide risk in recurrent major depressive disorder.
Meta-analysis of the effects of prokinetic agents in patients with functional dyspepsia.
Correlates of physical health of informal caregivers: a meta-analysis.
Selective decontamination of the digestive tract reduces bacterial bloodstream infection and mortality in critically ill patients. Systematic review of randomized, controlled trials.
The GNB3 C825T polymorphism and essential hypertension: a meta-analysis of 34 studies including 14,094 cases and 17,760 controls.
Meta-analysis of sleep changes in control groups of insomnia treatment trials.
Absorption, psychological boundaries and attitude towards dreams as correlates of dream recall: two decades of research seen through a meta-analysis.
Developmental effects influencing observational modelling: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of second cancers after a diagnosis of nonmelanoma skin cancer: additional evidence that solar ultraviolet-B irradiance reduces the risk of internal cancers.
Does off-pump or minimally invasive coronary artery bypass reduce mortality, morbidity, and resource utilization when compared with percutaneous coronary intervention? A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Venous thrombotic complications in adults undergoing induction treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia: results from a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of alpha-blockers for the treatment of ureteral stones.
An updated meta-analysis of infrainguinal arterial reconstruction in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the interaction between Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax in humans.
Accuracy of procalcitonin for sepsis diagnosis in critically ill patients: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Survival benefits from neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy or chemotherapy in oesophageal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis comparison of open versus percutaneous tracheostomy.
Impact of continuous positive airway pressure therapy on blood pressure in patients with obstructive sleep apnea hypopnea: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Proton pump inhibitor therapy for peptic ulcer bleeding: Cochrane collaboration meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[The use of erythropoietin beta, two to three times per week, once per week and once every other week: meta-analysis of two clinical trials].
Meta-analysis of serotonin transporter gene promoter polymorphism (5-HTTLPR) association with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor efficacy in depressed patients.
No evidence for association of CTLA-4 gene polymorphisms with the risk of developing multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Personality and smoking status: a meta-analysis.
Coffee consumption and risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Association of estrogen receptor alpha gene polymorphisms with bone mineral density in Chinese women: a meta-analysis.
Safe use of selected cephalosporins in penicillin-allergic patients: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of biofeedback for migraine: a meta-analysis.
Predictors of pain and/or fever at 3 to 7 days for children with acute otitis media not treated initially with antibiotics: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Common ABCB1 polymorphisms are not associated with multidrug resistance in epilepsy using a gene-wide tagging approach.
Amiodarone prophylaxis for atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: meta-analysis of dose response and timing of initiation.
Internet-based cognitive behaviour therapy for symptoms of depression and anxiety: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of pharmacotherapy of disruptive behavior disorders in children and adolescents.
Variability in measurement of swimming forces: a meta-analysis of passive and active drag.
Room air resuscitation of the depressed newborn: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Use of preoperative glucocorticoid to reduce risk of complications after esophagectomy for carcinoma of the esophagus: meta-analysis].
Acupuncture treatment for chronic knee pain: a systematic review.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene C-270T and Val66Met functional polymorphisms and risk of schizophrenia: a moderate-scale population-based study  and meta-analysis.
The safety of instrumented outpatient anterior cervical discectomy and fusion.
The impact of recanalization on ischemic stroke outcome: a meta-analysis.
Factor XIII Val34Leu variant protects against coronary artery disease. A meta-analysis.
Lower or higher doses for prophylactic platelet transfusions: results of a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of probiotics for the prevention of traveler's diarrhea.
Local anesthetic reduces pain associated with transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy: a meta-analysis.
[Minimally invasive hip replacement--a meta-analysis].
Mortality in randomized trials of antioxidant supplements for primary and secondary prevention: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessing the combined effect of asbestos exposure and smoking on lung cancer: a  Bayesian approach.
Does pravastatin promote cancer in elderly patients? A meta-analysis.
Risk of tuberculosis from exposure to tobacco smoke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: anticoagulant prophylaxis to prevent symptomatic venous thromboembolism in hospitalized medical patients.
Estrogen receptor alpha polymorphism and risk of cardiovascular disease, cancer,  and hip fracture: cross-sectional, cohort, and case-control studies and a meta-analysis.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor and risk of schizophrenia: an association study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: ondansetron for vomiting in acute gastroenteritis in children.
Meta-analysis: the efficacy of proton pump inhibitors for laryngeal symptoms attributed to gastro-oesophageal reflux disease.
Meta-analysis of fractional flow reserve versus quantitative coronary angiography and noninvasive imaging for evaluation of myocardial ischemia.
[A meta-analysis on interleukin-1 gene cluster polymorphism and genetic susceptibility for ankylosing spondylitis].
Gabexate in the prophylaxis of post-ERCP pancreatitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Pancreatic cancer in type 1 and young-onset diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacological and lifestyle interventions to prevent or delay type 2 diabetes in people with impaired glucose tolerance: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis in genome-wide association datasets: strategies and application in  Parkinson disease.
Meta-analysis: intravenous immunoglobulin in critically ill adult patients with sepsis.
Effectiveness of drug-eluting stents in patients with bare-metal in-stent restenosis: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Mortality and target haemoglobin concentrations in anaemic patients with chronic  kidney disease treated with erythropoietin: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: Saccharomyces boulardii for treating acute diarrhoea in children.
Does enteral nutrition affect clinical outcome? A systematic review of the randomized trials.
Dual therapy versus monotherapy in the endoscopic treatment of high-risk bleeding ulcers: a meta-analysis of controlled trials.
Risks of proteinuria and hypertension with bevacizumab, an antibody against vascular endothelial growth factor: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preterm low birth weight and maternal periodontal status: a meta-analysis.
Pancreaticojejunostomy versus pancreaticogastrostomy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treating water with chlorine at point-of-use to improve water quality and reduce  child diarrhea in developing countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of pylorus-preserving versus classical pancreaticoduodenectomy for surgical treatment of periampullary and pancreatic carcinoma.
Sleep-disordered breathing and blood pressure in children: a meta-analysis.
High-dose therapy with single autologous transplantation versus chemotherapy for  newly diagnosed multiple myeloma: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cardiac vagal control in depression: a critical analysis.
Do ultra-short screening instruments accurately detect depression in primary care? A pooled analysis and meta-analysis of 22 studies.
Psychological treatments for chronic post-traumatic stress disorder. Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term outcomes in epilepsy surgery: antiepileptic drugs, mortality, cognitive and psychosocial aspects.
Avascular necrosis of the femoral head in HIV infected patients.
Autologous stem cell transplantation in chronic myeloid leukaemia: a meta-analysis of six randomized trials.
Effects of different chemotherapy regimens on survival for advanced cervical cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic investigation of therapy modality outcomes for sexually abused children and adolescents: an exploratory study.
Effects of proton-pump inhibitors on functional dyspepsia: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Viscosupplementation for knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review.
Comparison of the slow-release polymer-based paclitaxel-eluting Taxus-Express stent with the bare-metal Express stent for saphenous vein graft interventions.
Meta-analysis of drug-induced adverse events associated with intensive-dose statin therapy.
A dose-specific meta-analysis of lipid changes in randomized controlled trials of atorvastatin and simvastatin.
Magnetic resonance colonography vs computed tomography colonography for the diagnosis of colorectal cancer: an indirect comparison.
Topical chlorhexidine for prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
PTPN22 R620W functional variant in type 1 diabetes and autoimmunity related traits.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of hypoglycemia and cardiovascular events:  a comparison of glyburide with other secretagogues and with insulin.
Thiazolidinediones and risk of repeat target vessel revascularization following percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on haematological and thrombogenic factors in type 2 diabetes.
A quantitative meta-analytic examination of whole-body vibration effects on human performance.
Prevention of atrial fibrillation onset by beta-blocker treatment in heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Abciximab in primary coronary stenting of ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a European meta-analysis on individual patients' data with long-term follow-up.
Meta-analysis of clinical outcomes following surgical mitral valve repair or replacement.
Effect of exercise on blood pressure control in hypertensive patients.
Collaborative meta-analysis of individual participant data from observational studies of Lp-PLA2 and cardiovascular diseases.
A systematic review: effect of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition on left ventricular volumes and ejection fraction in patients with a myocardial infarction and in patients with left ventricular dysfunction.
Short-term efficacy of pharmacotherapeutic interventions in osteoarthritic knee pain: A meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 years of endovascular abdominal aortic  aneurysm repair.
Treating dopamimetic psychosis in Parkinson's disease: structured review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the placebo rates of remission and response in clinical trials of active ulcerative colitis.
Array-based comparative genomic hybridization for investigating chromosomal abnormalities in patients with learning disability: systematic review meta-analysis of diagnostic and false-positive yields.
G72/G30 genes and schizophrenia: a systematic meta-analysis of association studies.
Oral naltrexone as a treatment for relapse prevention in formerly opioid-dependent drug users: a systematic review and economic evaluation.
Atrioventricular junction ablation combined with either right ventricular pacing  or cardiac resynchronization therapy for atrial fibrillation: the need for large-scale randomized trials.
Association of interleukin-1 gene polymorphisms with gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Alcohol intake and colorectal cancer risk: a dose-response meta-analysis of published cohort studies.
Commentary: Reflections on G. M. Lower and colleagues' 1979 study associating slow acetylator phenotype with urinary bladder cancer: meta-analysis, historical  refinements of the hypothesis, and lessons learned.
A food-group based algorithm to predict non-heme iron absorption.
Genetic polymorphisms in the nucleotide excision repair pathway and lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of relapse rates with adjunctive psychological therapies compared to usual psychiatric treatment for bipolar disorders.
Colorimetric redox-indicator methods for the rapid detection of multidrug resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recombinant luteinizing hormone supplementation to recombinant follicle-stimulation hormone during induced ovarian stimulation in the GnRH-agonist protocol: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of combined treatments for children diagnosed with ADHD.
Navigated total knee replacement. A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide scans provides evidence for sex- and site-specific regulation of bone mass.
Regional or general anesthesia for carotid endarterectomy? Evidence from published prospective and retrospective studies.
Does albendazole affect seizure remission and computed tomography response in children with neurocysticercosis? A Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neuropsychological correlates of manganese exposure: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of the dose response with valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide  in patients with essential hypertension.
Meta-analysis of published data on incompletely excised basal cell carcinomas of  the ear and nose with introduction of an innovative treatment strategy.
Outcome of root canal obturation by warm gutta-percha versus cold lateral condensation: a meta-analysis.
Effect of smear layer on sealing ability of canal obturation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of vitiligo with HLA-A2: a meta-analysis.
Differences in the nonword repetition performance of children with and without specific language impairment: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of D-dimer test for exclusion of venous thromboembolism: a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of dialysis access outcome in elderly patients.
[Results after lidloading with rigid gold weights--a meta-analysis].
Youth psychopathy and criminal recidivism: a meta-analysis of the psychopathy checklist measures.
The efficacy of influenza vaccine for healthy children: a meta-analysis evaluating potential sources of variation in efficacy estimates including study quality.
Low-level chronic mercury exposure in children and adolescents: meta-analysis.
A systematic review of psychological interventions for children with asthma.
In search of East Asian self-enhancement.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of clinically relevant adverse events from HMG CoA reductase inhibitor trials worldwide from 1982 to present.
The effect of beta-blocker therapy on quality of life in heart failure patients:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Trifolium pratense isoflavones in the treatment of menopausal hot flushes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Obstacles to adherence in living with type-2 diabetes: an international qualitative study using meta-ethnography (EUROBSTACLE).
[Mobbing: a meta-analysis and integrative model of its antecedents and consequences].
Are complex psychotherapies more effective than biofeedback, progressive muscle relaxation, or both? A meta-analysis.
Gender differences in object location memory: a meta-analysis.
Predicting foot ulcers in patients with diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Computed tomography and ultrasonography in the diagnosis of equivocal acute appendicitis. A meta-analysis.
Pedicle screw placement accuracy: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy of tirilazad in experimental  stroke.
Efficacy and safety of anticoagulant treatment in acute cardioembolic stroke: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Laparoscopic versus open hepatic resections for benign and malignant neoplasms--a meta-analysis.
Amodiaquine combined with sulfadoxine/pyrimethamine versus artemisinin-based combinations for the treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria in Africa: a meta-analysis.
Hilar lymph nodes sampling at the time of liver transplantation for hepatocellular carcinoma: to do or not to do? Meta-analysis to determine the impact of hilar lymph nodes metastases on tumor recurrence and survival in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma undergoing liver transplantation.
Rapid point-of-care HIV testing in pregnant women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Effects of HCV and HBV infections on primary hepatic carcinoma in Chinese adults: a meta-analysis of 26 case-control studies].
Prediction of clinical cardiovascular events with carotid intima-media thickness: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Triglycerides and the risk of coronary heart disease: 10,158 incident cases among 262,525 participants in 29 Western prospective studies.
Rescue angioplasty or repeat fibrinolysis after failed fibrinolytic therapy for ST-segment myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Metabolic syndrome and risk of incident cardiovascular events and death: a systematic review and meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Nicotine receptor partial agonists for smoking cessation.
Exercise for acutely hospitalised older medical patients.
Prophylactic postnatal thyroid hormones for prevention of morbidity and mortality in preterm infants.
Glutamine supplementation for young infants with severe gastrointestinal disease.
Postnatal thyroid hormones for respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants.
Chemoimmunotherapy versus chemotherapy for metastatic malignant melanoma.
Interventions for non-oliguric hyperkalaemia in preterm neonates.
Risperidone for autism spectrum disorder.
Home safety education and provision of safety equipment for injury prevention.
School feeding for improving the physical and psychosocial health of disadvantaged elementary school children.
Ileostomy or colostomy for temporary decompression of colorectal anastomosis.
Family-based programmes for preventing smoking by children and adolescents.
Preoperative intra aortic balloon pumps in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting.
Corticosteroids for acute bacterial meningitis.
Interventions for improving older patients' involvement in primary care episodes.
Antioxidant treatment for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis / motor neuron disease.
Beta-blockers for hypertension.
Nasal decongestants for the common cold.
Allergen injection immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
House dust mite avoidance measures for perennial allergic rhinitis.
Enteral nutritional therapy for induction of remission in Crohn's disease.
Antidepressants for smoking cessation.
Magnetic resonance imaging for diagnosing foot osteomyelitis: a meta-analysis.
Combined aspirin-oral anticoagulant therapy compared with oral anticoagulant therapy alone among patients at risk for cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis  of randomized trials.
Incident diabetes in clinical trials of antihypertensive drugs: a network meta-analysis.
The effect of beta-blocker therapy on clinical outcome in patients with Marfan's  syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review: opioid treatment for chronic back pain: prevalence, efficacy,  and association with addiction.
The prognostic value of normal exercise myocardial perfusion imaging and exercise echocardiography: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the effect of supplementation with probiotics on eradication rates and adverse events during Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy.
Meta-analysis: the efficacy of over-the-counter gastro-oesophageal reflux disease therapies.
Meta- and pooled analyses of the cytochrome P-450 1B1 Val432Leu polymorphism and  breast cancer: a HuGE-GSEC review.
Antipsychotic augmentation of serotonergic antidepressants in treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis of the randomized controlled trials.
Strategies to prevent falls and fractures in hospitals and care homes and effect  of cognitive impairment: systematic review and meta-analyses.
Effectiveness of prenatal treatment for congenital toxoplasmosis: a meta-analysis of individual patients' data.
Granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor as an adjuvant for hepatitis B vaccination: a meta-analysis.
[Glycaemic control and macrovascular complications in patients with diabetes mellitus].
Folate and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Direct and indirect comparison meta-analysis demonstrates the superiority of sirolimus- versus paclitaxel-eluting stents across 5854 patients.
The predictive validity of the MCAT for medical school performance and medical board licensing examinations: a meta-analysis of the published research.
Effect of passive uterine straightening during embryo transfer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Total or subtotal hysterectomy for benign uterine diseases? A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the literature on 1946 cases of minor salivary gland tumors of the palate.
Acute bipolar mania: a systematic review and meta-analysis of co-therapy vs. monotherapy.
Neuropsychological functioning in euthymic bipolar disorder: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of behavioral interventions to reduce HIV risk behaviors of Hispanics in the United States and Puerto Rico.
Systematic review: Infliximab therapy in ulcerative colitis.
Meta-analysis: Alvimopan vs. placebo in the treatment of post-operative ileus.
Risk of cardiovascular events in patients receiving celecoxib: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of the studies assessing temporal changes in coronary plaque volume using intravascular ultrasound.
Incremental effect of clopidogrel on important outcomes in patients with cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
[Pravastatin and acetylsalycilic acid fixed-combination: a strategy to improve cardiovascular outcomes].
Comparable efficacy and safety of various topical formulations of terbinafine in  tinea pedis irrespective of the treatment regimen: results of a meta-analysis.
Rotational bed therapy to prevent and treat respiratory complications: a review and meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) genetic polymorphisms and psychiatric disorders: a HuGE review.
Beneficial impact of fenoldopam in critically ill patients with or at risk for acute renal failure: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
The expectation effect and cardiac pacing for refractory vasovagal syncope.
Progressive visual loss in subfoveal exudation in age-related macular degeneration: a meta-analysis using Lineweaver-Burke plots.
Efficacy and safety of antifibrinolytic drugs in liver transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of risk of malignancy with immunosuppressive drugs in inflammatory  bowel disease.
Multi-detector computed tomography in coronary artery bypass graft assessment: a  meta-analysis.
[Clinical efficacy of moxifloxacin in the treatment of exacerbations of chronic bronchitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis].
Co-occurrence of eating disorders and alcohol use disorders in women: a meta analysis.
Iron(III)-hydroxide polymaltose complex in iron deficiency anemia / review and meta-analysis.
Milk consumption is a risk factor for prostate cancer in Western countries: evidence from cohort studies.
Application of perioperative immunonutrition for gastrointestinal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Short-term effects on outcomes related to the mechanism of intervention and physiological outcomes but insufficient evidence of clinical benefits for breathing control: a systematic review.
Do anti-tumor necrosis factors induce response and remission in patients with acute refractory Crohn's disease? A systematic meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
Folic acid-containing supplement consumption during pregnancy and risk for oral clefts: a meta-analysis.
The role of anticholinergics in men with lower urinary tract symptoms suggestive  of benign prostatic hyperplasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Atenolol as a comparator in outcome trials in hypertension: a correct choice in the past, but not for the future?
Meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials comparing latanoprost with brimonidine in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma, ocular hypertension or normal-tension glaucoma.
Psychosocial interventions following self-harm: systematic review of their efficacy in preventing suicide.
Mood disorders and migration: meta-analysis.
Overall brain size, and not encephalization quotient, best predicts cognitive ability across non-human primates.
CYP2E1PstI/RsaI polymorphism and interaction with tobacco, alcohol and GSTs in gastric cancer susceptibility: A meta-analysis of the literature.
Transarterial therapy for hepatocellular carcinoma: which technique is more effective? A systematic review of cohort and randomized studies.
Statins and stroke prevention.
Specialized stroke services: a meta-analysis comparing three models of care.
Homocysteine-lowering trials for prevention of vascular disease: protocol for a collaborative meta-analysis.
Population pharmacokinetic meta-analysis of trabectedin (ET-743, Yondelis) in cancer patients.
Population pharmacokinetics meta-analysis of recombinant human erythropoietin in  healthy subjects.
The efficacy of problem solving therapy in reducing mental and physical health problems: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Clinical impact of adjuvant chemotherapy in glioblastoma multiforme : a meta-analysis.
Surfactant therapy for acute respiratory failure in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Open and closed endotracheal suction systems in mechanically ventilated intensive care patients: a meta-analysis.
Scaling factors for the extrapolation of in vivo metabolic drug clearance from in vitro data: reaching a consensus on values of human microsomal protein and hepatocellularity per gram of liver.
Meta-analysis of cannabis based treatments for neuropathic and multiple sclerosis-related pain.
Memantine in moderate to severe Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
Prevention and treatment of dementia or Alzheimer's disease by statins: a meta-analysis.
Pancreatic duct stents in the prophylaxis of pancreatic damage after endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography: a systematic analysis of benefits and associated risks.
Lipoprotein lipase gene PvuII polymorphism serum lipids and risk for coronary artery disease: meta-analysis.
Psychotropic medications and the risk of fracture: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomised trials comparing gemcitabine-based doublets versus gemcitabine alone in patients with advanced and metastatic pancreatic cancer.
Lead and delta-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase polymorphism: where does it lead?  A meta-analysis.
Comparison of body mass index, waist circumference, and waist/hip ratio in predicting incident diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphism of CYP2C19 in Maharashtrian population.
A meta-analysis of clinical trials comparing milnacipran, a serotonin--norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
Problem solving therapies for depression: a meta-analysis.
Relative efficacy of psychotherapy and combined therapy in the treatment of depression: a meta-analysis.
Validity, reliability and objectivity of the family history method in psychiatry: a meta analysis.
Paternal ages below or above 35 years old are associated with a different risk of schizophrenia in the offspring.
The accuracy of MRI in diagnosis of suspected deep vein thrombosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
[A meta-analysis of the effectiveness of aromatase inhibitors as adjuvant treatment for postmenopausal patients with breast cancer].
Is what we clearly see really so obvious? Ultrasonography and transcervical embryo transfer--a review.
Transfer of chemicals from feed to animal products: The use of transfer factors in risk assessment.
Association study between the NMDA receptor 2B subunit gene (GRIN2B) and schizophrenia: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of primary target genes of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors.
Increase in core body temperature of Alzheimer's disease patients as a possible indicator of chronic neuroinflammation: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of human papillomavirus testing in primary cervical screening: a systematic review and meta-analysis of non-randomized studies.
Postoperative chemoradiotherapy for advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head  and neck: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of psychological interventions for chronic low back pain.
Mutational spectrum of the NF2 gene: a meta-analysis of 12 years of research and  diagnostic laboratory findings.
The effects of psychological intervention on atopic dermatitis. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antibacterial efficacy of calcium hydroxide intracanal dressing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is China facing an obesity epidemic and the consequences? The trends in obesity and chronic disease in China.
A meta-analysis of clinical studies to estimate the 4.5-year survival rate of implants placed with the osteotome technique.
Prevention and treatment of obesity with lifestyle interventions: review and meta-analysis.
Systematic reviews of bladder training and voiding programmes in adults: a synopsis of findings on theory and methods using metastudy techniques.
Effect of quinolone prophylaxis in afebrile neutropenic patients on microbial resistance: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Leader-member exchange and citizenship behaviors: a meta-analysis.
Predicting workplace aggression: a meta-analysis.
Work and family satisfaction and conflict: a meta-analysis of cross-domain relations.
Cardiac effects of growth hormone treatment in chronic heart failure: A meta-analysis.
Diagnostic utility of pleural fluid carcinoembryonic antigen and CYFRA 21-1 in patients with pleural effusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effects of respiratory rehabilitation programmes on exercise capacity in accordance with programme characteristics.
Meta-analyses of studies of 0.2% delmopinol mouth rinse as an adjunct to gingival health and plaque control measures.
Oral antidiabetic drugs: bioavailability assessment of fixed-dose combination tablets of pioglitazone and metformin. Effect of body weight, gender, and race on systemic exposures of each drug.
A meta-analysis of continuing medical education effectiveness.
Alcohol involvement and the Five-Factor model of personality: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of cyclodiene insecticides and breast cancer.
Genetic studies of stuttering in a founder population.
Average grip strength: a meta-analysis of data obtained with a Jamar dynamometer  from individuals 75 years or more of age.
Weight loss treatment and psychological well-being: a review and meta-analysis.
Maternal gene polymorphisms involved in folate metabolism and risk of Down syndrome offspring: a meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphism as a risk factor for diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Role of genetic polymorphisms in ACE and TNF-alpha gene in sarcoidosis: a meta-analysis.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 (CYP1A1) T3801C and A2455G polymorphisms in breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Association of gene polymorphism with genetic susceptibility to stroke in Asian populations: a meta-analysis.
Different roles of MTHFR C677T and A1298C polymorphisms in colorectal adenoma and colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of the C-344T aldosterone synthase gene variant with essential hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Verbal fluency in HIV infection: a meta-analytic review.
Meta-analysis of 12 genomic studies in bipolar disorder.
Meta-analysis: the efficacy of nootropic agent Cerebrolysin in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
The efficacy of 5-HT3 receptor antagonists for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting after craniotomy: a meta-analysis.
Complex limb salvage or early amputation for severe lower-limb injury: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis of survival prediction with Palliative Performance Scale.
The efficacy of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in adult social anxiety disorder: a meta-analysis of double-blind, placebo-controlled trials.
Dental amalgam and multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Acupuncture for chemotherapy-induced leukopenia: exploratory meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass sacrifices graft patency: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Trace element concentration in metastatic liver disease: a systematic review.
Bilateral, simultaneous rupture of the quadriceps tendon: a diagnostic pitfall? Report of three cases and meta-analysis of the literature.
Immunosuppression with calcineurin inhibitors with respect to the outcome of HCV  recurrence after liver transplantation: results of a meta-analysis.
Second-generation antiepileptic drugs' impact on balance: a meta-analysis.
Testosterone and cardiovascular risk in men: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Testosterone use in men with sexual dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of prophylactic parenteral antibiotic use in acute necrotizing pancreatitis.
Meta-analysis of family-centered helpgiving practices research.
Primary and secondary effects of parenting and stress management interventions for parents of children with developmental disabilities: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis supports association between serotonin transporter (5-HTT) and suicidal behavior.
[Effectiveness of Integrated Psychological Therapy for schizophrenia patients. A  meta-analysis including 28 independent studies].
The LDLR locus in Alzheimer's disease: a family-based study and meta-analysis of  case-control data.
Cholinesterase inhibitors in mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Neurofunctional correlates of vulnerability to psychosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparison between clipping and coiling on the incidence of cerebral vasospasm after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic versus open colposuspension for urodynamic stress incontinence.
Fruits and vegetables and endometrial cancer risk: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Elevated body mass index and mortality risk in the elderly.
The role of adjuvant chemotherapy for patients with resected pancreatic cancer: systematic review of randomized controlled trials and meta-analysis.
Intraocular pressure-lowering effect of adding dorzolamide or latanoprost to timolol: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Effects of parathyroid hormone alone or in combination with antiresorptive therapy on bone mineral density and fracture risk--a meta-analysis.
Randomized controlled trials of antibiotic prophylaxis in severe acute pancreatitis: relationship between methodological quality and outcome.
Size matters: saccades during scene perception.
A systematic review of the self-concept of children with cerebral palsy and perceptions of parents and teachers.
Tobacco smoke, indoor air pollution and tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of local anesthesia for transrectal ultrasound-guided biopsy of the prostate.
The nature of procrastination: a meta-analytic and theoretical review of quintessential self-regulatory failure.
If it goes up, must it come down? Chronic stress and the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical axis in humans.
Threat-related attentional bias in anxious and nonanxious individuals: a meta-analytic study.
Randomized and non-randomized evidence for the effect of compulsory community and involuntary out-patient treatment on health service use: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment effects of selegiline transdermal system on symptoms of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of short-term, placebo-controlled, efficacy  trials.
Effect of comorbid symptoms of oppositional defiant disorder on responses to atomoxetine in children with ADHD: a meta-analysis of controlled clinical trial data.
MDMA use and neurocognition: a meta-analytic review.
Antidepressant dose reduction and the risk of relapse in major depressive disorder.
Meta-analysis of the effectiveness of atypical antipsychotics for the treatment of behavioural problems in persons with dementia.
Psychotherapy of childhood anxiety disorders: A meta-analysis.
Tiotropium for the treatment of stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Prosthesis infection: diagnosis after total joint arthroplasty with antigranulocyte scintigraphy with 99mTc-labeled monoclonal antibodies--a meta-analysis.
Air fluid versus fluid-only models of embryo catheter loading: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recombinant LH supplementation to recombinant FSH during induced ovarian stimulation in the GnRH-antagonist protocol: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of the diagnostic performance of 18F-FDG PET in renal cell carcinoma].
The PTPN22 C1858T functional polymorphism and autoimmune diseases--a meta-analysis.
The role of renin blockers in the prevention of diabetes.
Minor physical anomalies in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of cognitive change with haloperidol in clinical trials of atypical antipsychotics: dose effects and comparison to practice effects.
Marital status and mortality in the elderly: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of direct and mediating effects of community coalitions that implemented science-based substance abuse prevention interventions.
Interactive technologies and videotapes for patient education in cancer care: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Meta-analysis of clinical outcome after first and second liver resection for colorectal metastases.
No interaction between factor V Leiden and hyperhomocysteinemia or MTHFR 677TT genotype in venous thrombosis. Results of a meta-analysis of published studies and a large case-only study.
Integrin, alpha 2 gene C807T polymorphism and risk of ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis.
Effect of candesartan cilexetil on diabetic and non-diabetic hypertensive patients: meta-analysis of five randomized double-blind clinical trials.
Genetics of suicide: a systematic review of twin studies.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled comparisons of psychopharmacological and psychological treatments for anxiety disorders.
[Stress on the knee joint by knee bending as prearthrosis].
[Standard with extended pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas: a meta-analysis].
[Total mesorectal excision versus conventional radical surgery for rectal cancer: a meta analysis].
Improved outcomes in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease treated  with salmeterol compared with placebo/usual therapy: results of a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of short-term outcomes after laparoscopy-assisted distal gastrectomy.
Long-term impact of early treatment on radiographic progression in rheumatoid arthritis: A meta-analysis.
Identification and meta-analysis of a small gene expression signature for the diagnosis of estrogen receptor status in invasive ductal breast cancer.
Bioequivalence of enteric-coated mycophenolate sodium and mycophenolate mofetil:  a meta-analysis of three studies in stable renal transplant recipients.
Glutamine dipeptide for parenteral nutrition in abdominal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of folic acid supplementation on risk of cardiovascular diseases: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Alcohol dosing and total mortality in men and women: an updated meta-analysis of  34 prospective studies.
Effectiveness of smoking cessation therapies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of treatment with epoetin beta on short-term tumour progression and survival in anaemic patients with cancer: A meta-analysis.
Quantification of global left ventricular function: comparison of multidetector computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. a meta-analysis and review of the current literature.
The effects of auricular acupuncture on smoking cessation may not depend on the point chosen--an exploratory meta-analysis.
Bacterial osteomyelitis in major sickling haemoglobinopathies: geographic difference in pathogen prevalence.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: D-Penicillamine vs. placebo/no intervention  in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis--Cochrane Hepato-Biliary Group.
Short and long-term mortality with nesiritide.
Effects of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on depressed mood: systematic review of published trials.
Meta- and pooled analysis of GSTT1 and lung cancer: a HuGE-GSEC review.
Late thrombosis of drug-eluting stents: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Valerian for sleep: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intraspecies variation in BMR does not affect estimates of early hominin total daily energy expenditure.
Improved postoperative outcomes associated with preoperative statin therapy.
Second malignancy risk associated with treatment of Hodgkin's lymphoma: meta-analysis of the randomised trials.
Treatment effects of antidepressants in patients with post-stroke depression: a meta-analysis.
Are American College of Rheumatology 50% response criteria superior to 20% criteria in distinguishing active aggressive treatment in rheumatoid arthritis clinical trials reported since 1997? A meta-analysis of discriminant capacities.
Auditory integration training and other sound therapies for autism spectrum disorders: a systematic review.
The extent to which tobacco marketing and tobacco use in films contribute to children's use of tobacco: a meta-analysis.
Personality correlates of physical activity: a review and meta-analysis.
[Systematic reviews of antibiotic prophylaxis in cesareans].
Aspirin and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Treatment outcomes for hepatocellular carcinoma using chemoembolization in combination with other therapies.
Weekly docetaxel as second line chemotherapy for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Psychological treatment of recurrent headache in children and adolescents--a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of antiplatelet therapy for IgA nephropathy.
Esomeprazole versus other proton pump inhibitors in erosive esophagitis: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of broad-spectrum antibiotic therapy in patients with active Crohn's disease.
Is airway inflammation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) a risk factor for cardiovascular events?
N-acetylcysteine and exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of bladder cancer: a meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori infection and gender: a meta-analysis of population-based prevalence surveys.
Death from suicide versus mortality from epilepsy in the epilepsies: a meta-analysis.
Depression as an aetiologic and prognostic factor in coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis of 6362 events among 146 538 participants in 54 observational studies.
Mortality in randomized controlled trials comparing drug-eluting vs. bare metal stents in coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Interventions for prevention of post-operative atrial fibrillation and its complications after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of commonly used mouthwashes for the prevention of chemotherapy-induced oral mucositis: a systematic review.
Ultrafiltration reduces blood transfusions following cardiac surgery: A meta-analysis.
The effect of cardiac rehabilitation exercise programs on feelings of energy and  fatigue: a meta-analysis of research from 1945 to 2005.
Effects of exercise training on cardiac performance, exercise capacity and quality of life in patients with heart failure: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of non-invasive techniques for diagnosis of coronary artery disease and  prediction of cardiac events in patients with left bundle branch block: a meta-analysis.
Progesterone for the prevention of preterm birth: a critical evaluation of evidence.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in infants with congenital diaphragmatic hernia: a systematic review of the evidence.
The clinical value of a negative multi-detector computed tomographic angiography  in patients suspected of coronary artery disease: A meta-analysis.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T polymorphism and the risk of unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of disease risk associated with smoking, by gender and intensity of smoking.
Does smoking increase risk of ovarian cancer? A systematic review.
Platinum-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy and interval surgical cytoreduction for advanced ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Early outcomes in the elderly: a meta-analysis of 4921 patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting--comparison between off-pump and on-pump techniques.
The atraumatic restorative treatment (ART) approach for managing dental caries: a meta-analysis.
Meat consumption and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Succinylcholine or rocuronium? A meta-analysis of the effects on intubation conditions.
Inorganic arsenic in drinking water and bladder cancer: a meta-analysis for dose-response assessment.
Psychological treatment of late-life depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Maternal cigarette smoking during pregnancy and criminal/deviant behavior: a meta-analysis.
Helping caregivers of persons with dementia: which interventions work and how large are their effects?
Transcranial Doppler ultrasonography to confirm brain death: a meta-analysis.
Commentary on meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials for HIV treatment adherence interventions. Research directions and implications for practice.
Nursing diagnoses, interventions and outcomes - application and impact on nursing practice: systematic review.
A meta-analysis of six-month studies of antiplaque and antigingivitis agents.
Is there an epidemic of child or adolescent depression?
Do selective COX-2 inhibitors increase the risk of cerebrovascular events? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Factors modifying the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a review.
Mortality in elderly dementia patients treated with risperidone.
Are black-white differences in females' body dissatisfaction decreasing? A meta-analytic review.
The role of genetic variants of matrix metalloproteinases in coronary and carotid atherosclerosis.
Soyfood intake in the prevention of breast cancer risk in women: a meta-analysis  of observational epidemiological studies.
Illness perceptions predict attendance at cardiac rehabilitation following acute  myocardial infarction: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
A systematic review of randomized trials comparing revascularization rate and graft patency of off-pump and conventional coronary surgery.
Delayed diagnosis of traumatic ureteral injuries.
Meta-analysis of studies analyzing the relationship between bladder cancer and infection by human papillomavirus.
Effectiveness of switching from adjuvant tamoxifen to anastrozole in postmenopausal women with hormone-sensitive early-stage breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Role of preoperative chemotherapy for non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Association of genetic polymorphisms in the base excision repair pathway with lung cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Fluoroquinolones vs beta-lactams for empirical treatment of immunocompetent patients with skin and soft tissue infections: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Combined use of methotrexate and mifepristone for ectopic pregnancy management:  a meta- analysis].
Evaluation of the formocresol versus mineral trioxide aggregate primary molar pulpotomy: a meta-analysis.
Atrial tachyarrhythmias in primary and secondary prevention ICD recipients: clinical and prognostic data.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme I/D polymorphism and preeclampsia risk: evidence of small-study bias.
A gene expression signature predicts survival of patients with stage I non-small  cell lung cancer.
Single large study or meta-analysis parameters: choosing the most appropriate tool for Down syndrome screening in the first trimester.
Appraisals and coping in people living with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Is there a role for noninvasive ventilation in acute respiratory distress syndrome? A meta-analysis.
Association of TNF-alpha -308 G/A polymorphism with responsiveness to TNF-alpha-blockers in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Psychosocial work environment and mental health--a meta-analytic review.
Work stress in the etiology of coronary heart disease--a meta-analysis.
Asthma out of control? A structured review of recent patient surveys.
Human papillomavirus types among women infected with HIV: a meta-analysis.
Associations between NOD2/CARD15 genotype and phenotype in Crohn's disease--Are we there yet?
Collaborative care for depression: a cumulative meta-analysis and review of longer-term outcomes.
An analysis of functional neuroimaging studies of dorsolateral prefrontal cortical activity in depression.
Meta-analysis on inoperable pancreatic cancer: a comparison between gemcitabine-based combination therapy and gemcitabine alone.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of prophylactic granulocyte colony-stimulating factor and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor after autologous and allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Meta-analysis: anti-viral therapy of hepatitis C virus-related liver disease in renal transplant patients.
Survival benefits with diverse chemotherapy regimens for ovarian cancer: meta-analysis of multiple treatments.
Meta-analyses of observational and genetic association studies of folate intakes  or levels and breast cancer risk.
Heterogeneity of case definitions used in vaccine effectiveness studies--and its  impact on meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: efficacy and safety of inhaled insulin therapy in adults with diabetes mellitus.
Defining the gene expression signature of rhabdomyosarcoma by meta-analysis.
Diagnostic performance of multislice spiral computed tomography of coronary arteries as compared with conventional invasive coronary angiography: a meta-analysis.
Effect of breast feeding on intelligence in children: prospective study, sibling  pairs analysis, and meta-analysis.
Contingency management for treatment of substance use disorders: a meta-analysis.
Proton pump inhibitor therapy for suspected GERD-related chronic laryngitis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Body mass index and gastroesophageal reflux disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Analysis of association between maternal tumor necrosis factor-alpha promoter polymorphism (-308), tumor necrosis factor concentration, and preterm birth.
[Perioperative administration of beta-blockers. Critical appraisal of recent meta-analyses].
Do antifibrinolytics reduce allogeneic blood transfusion in orthopedic surgery?
Thyroid transcription factor 1--a new prognostic factor in lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Should we apply suction during fine needle cytology of thyroid lesions? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prognostic effect of micrometastases in previously staged lymph node negative (N0) colorectal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Prophylactic amiodarone for prevention of atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of keloids and hypertrophic scars: a meta-analysis and review of the literature.
Early onset of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressant action: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prophylaxis of postoperative vomiting in children undergoing tonsillectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Suicidal behaviour in youths with depression treated with new-generation antidepressants: meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of preoperative antiseptic bathing in the prevention of surgical site infection.
E-cadherin immunohistochemical expression as a prognostic factor in infiltrating  ductal carcinoma of the breast: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MTHFR polymorphism and bone mineral density: meta-analysis of published studies.
Hepatitis C virus and risk of lymphoma and other lymphoid neoplasms: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
A meta-analysis of diabetes mellitus and the risk of prostate cancer.
[Elective radiotherapy of the regional lymph node areas in breast cancer].
Travoprost compared with other prostaglandin analogues or timolol in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Factors associated with the effect-size of thiazolidinedione (TZD) therapy on HbA(1c): a meta-analysis of published randomized clinical trials.
The prevalence of co-morbid depression in adults with Type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of different modes of exercise training on glucose control and risk factors for complications in type 2 diabetic patients: a meta-analysis.
Association of Pro12Ala polymorphism in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma with Pre-diabetic phenotypes: meta-analysis of 57 studies on nondiabetic individuals.
Meta-analysis of the effect of exercise interventions on fitness outcomes among adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Sequential meta-analysis of past clinical trials to determine the use of a new trial.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the hazards of discontinuing or not adhering to aspirin among 50,279 patients at risk for coronary artery disease.
Effects of cardiac resynchronization therapy on overall mortality and mode of death: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Risk factors for primary ventricular fibrillation during acute myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low birth weight or diagnosis, which is a higher risk?--A meta-analysis of observational studies.
A meta-analysis of ECG data from healthy male volunteers: diurnal and intra-subject variability, and implications for planning ECG assessments and statistical analysis in clinical pharmacology studies.
Diagnostic value of multislice computed tomography angiography in coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Inhaled fluticasone propionate and adrenal effects in adult asthma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Threefold increased risk of infertility: a meta-analysis of infertility after ileal pouch anal anastomosis in ulcerative colitis.
Links between physical fitness and cardiovascular reactivity and recovery to psychological stressors: A meta-analysis.
Restrictive diastolic filling predicts death after acute myocardial infarction: systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of intracoronary gamma- and beta-radiation therapy for in-stent restenosis.
Fosamprenavir clinical study meta-analysis in ART-naïve subjects: rare occurrence of virologic failure and selection of protease-associated mutations.
CFH, ELOVL4, PLEKHA1 and LOC387715 genes and susceptibility to age-related maculopathy: AREDS and CHS cohorts and meta-analyses.
Among patients treated for IVF with gonadotrophins and GnRH analogues, is the probability of live birth dependent on the type of analogue used? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of pregnancy outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Importance of salt in determining blood pressure in children: meta-analysis of controlled trials.
Efficacy of pharmacotherapy against core traits of borderline personality disorder: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Adjunctive quetiapine for serotonin reuptake inhibitor-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled treatment trials.
Hip and non-spine fracture risk reductions differ among antiresorptive agents: Evidence from randomised controlled trials.
Depression, anxiety, and resting frontal EEG asymmetry: a meta-analytic review.
Androgen treatment and muscle strength in elderly men: A meta-analysis.
The effect of alpha-adrenergic antagonists in chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic  pain syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Evidence-based research in alternative protocols to dental implantology: a closer look at publication bias.
Impaired balance in developmental dyslexia? A meta-analysis of the contending evidence.
Meta-analysis and meta-review of thyroid cancer gene expression profiling studies identifies important diagnostic biomarkers.
How strong is the evidence for use of beta-blockers as first-line therapy for hypertension? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
The impact of gender on survival amongst patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators for primary prevention against sudden cardiac death.
Is there objective evidence that septal surgery improves nasal airflow?
Statins, fibrates, and melanoma risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparative meta-analysis of Clinical Global Impressions change in antidepressant trials.
Is hypertension a more frequent risk factor for deep than for lobar supratentorial intracerebral haemorrhage?
Acceptance of angulation in the non-operative treatment of paediatric forearm fractures.
Pouch-anal anastomosis vs straight ileoanal anastomosis in pediatric patients: a  meta-analysis.
Does amount of protein in formula matter for low-birthweight infants? A Cochrane  systematic review.
Proteinuria and reduced kidney function in living kidney donors: A systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression.
Hormonal therapy for menopause and breast-cancer risk by histological type: a cohort study and meta-analysis.
Smoking and inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Effects of aerobic exercise on C-reactive protein, body composition, and maximum  oxygen consumption in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Epidemiological characteristics and clinical manifestations of Lyme borreliosis in Croatia.
Influence of ACE I/D gene polymorphism in the progression of renal failure in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease: a meta-analysis.
[Suicidality in depressive children and adolescents during treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Review and meta-analysis of the available randomised, placebo controlled trials].
Functional modularity of the medial prefrontal cortex: involvement in human empathy.
Evidence for superior efficacy and safety of LASIK over photorefractive keratectomy for correction of myopia.
Effectiveness and safety of ritodrine hydrochloride for the treatment of preterm  labour: a systematic review.
The actor-observer asymmetry in attribution: a (surprising) meta-analysis.
Experimental disclosure and its moderators: a meta-analysis.
The clinical significance of adaptation to changing health: a meta-analysis of response shift.
GnRH-antagonists in ovarian stimulation for IVF in patients with poor response to gonadotrophins, polycystic ovary syndrome, and risk of ovarian hyperstimulation:  a meta-analysis.
GnRH agonist versus GnRH antagonist in poor ovarian responders: a meta-analysis.
Prenatal exposure to misoprostol and congenital anomalies: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Pregnancy outcomes following exposure to serotonin reuptake inhibitors: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Respiratory muscle training in persons with spinal cord injury: a systematic review.
Efficacy and safety of iodopovidone in chemical pleurodesis: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Survival in cancer patients undergoing in-hospital cardiopulmonary resuscitation: a meta-analysis.
Acupuncture for peripheral joint osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Off-pump surgery is associated with reduced occurrence of stroke and other morbidity as compared with traditional coronary artery bypass grafting: a meta-analysis of systematically reviewed trials.
[The relationship between prion protein gene codon 129 polymorphism and Alzheimer's disease].
[A meta-analysis of clinical efficiency of two methodologies of cholangiopancreatography].
Initial highly-active antiretroviral therapy with a protease inhibitor versus a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor: discrepancies between direct and  indirect meta-analyses.
Antibiotics for acute otitis media: a meta-analysis with individual patient data.
Statins and cancer risk: a literature-based meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis of 35 randomized controlled trials.
Isoflavone therapy for menopausal flushes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Bisphosphonates for advanced prostate cancer.
Laparoscopic versus open cholecystectomy for patients with symptomatic cholecystolithiasis.
Home-based chemically-induced whitening of teeth in adults.
Pioglitazone for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Neo-adjuvant and adjuvant hormone therapy for localised and locally advanced prostate cancer.
Systemic antimicrobial prophylaxis for percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy.
Strontium ranelate for preventing and treating postmenopausal osteoporosis.
Sequencing of chemotherapy and radiation therapy for early breast cancer.
Acupuncture for treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
Endoscopic pneumatic dilation versus botulinum toxin injection in the management  of primary achalasia.
Massage intervention for promoting mental and physical health in infants aged under six months.
Different dosage schedules for reducing cardiotoxicity in cancer patients receiving anthracycline chemotherapy.
Different anthracycline derivates for reducing cardiotoxicity in cancer patients.
Exercise for women receiving adjuvant therapy for breast cancer.
Immunostimulants for preventing respiratory tract infection in children.
TIPS versus paracentesis for cirrhotic patients with refractory ascites.
Gastro-oesophageal reflux treatment for prolonged non-specific cough in children  and adults.
Chemotherapy as an adjunct to radiotherapy in locally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Anticholinergic drugs versus placebo for overactive bladder syndrome in adults.
Hepatic artery adjuvant chemotherapy for patients having resection or ablation of colorectal cancer metastatic to the liver.
Soy formula for prevention of allergy and food intolerance in infants.
Formulas containing hydrolysed protein for prevention of allergy and food intolerance in infants.
Complementary and alternative therapies for pain management in labour.
Patient controlled opioid analgesia versus conventional opioid analgesia for postoperative pain.
Opioid antagonists for smoking cessation.
Preventing occupational stress in healthcare workers.
Pharmacological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia.
Interventions for treating oral leukoplakia.
Nitric oxide for respiratory failure in infants born at or near term.
Meta-analysis: convalescent blood products for Spanish influenza pneumonia: a future H5N1 treatment?
Depression in heart failure a meta-analytic review of prevalence, intervention effects, and associations with clinical outcomes.
Meta-analysis of vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and type 1 diabetes: a HuGE review of genetic association studies.
Effects of calcium supplementation on bone density in healthy children: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
[A meta-analysis of the curative effects of carboplatin-based and cisplatin-based chemotherapeutic regimens on advance non-small cell lung cancer].
A meta-analysis of the diagnostic performance of the direct agglutination test and rK39 dipstick for visceral leishmaniasis.
Comparing the efficacy of medications for ADHD using meta-analysis.
Adverse effects of cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitors on renal and arrhythmia events: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Cardiovascular risk and inhibition of cyclooxygenase: a systematic review of the  observational studies of selective and nonselective inhibitors of cyclooxygenase  2.
Percutaneous coronary intervention after fibrinolysis: a multiple meta-analyses approach according to the type of strategy.
Benefit of early invasive therapy in acute coronary syndromes: a meta-analysis of contemporary randomized clinical trials.
RGS4 polymorphisms and risk of schizophrenia: an association study in Han Chinese plus meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy for localized esophageal carcinoma].
Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy in asthma: systematic review of randomized-clinical trials using the Cochrane Collaboration method.
Vitamin-mineral supplementation and the progression of atherosclerosis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Selenium and coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic precision of anti-Saccharomyces cerevisiae antibodies and perinuclear  antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies in inflammatory bowel disease.
Metabolic syndrome and risk of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of noninvasive fetal Rh genotyping from maternal blood--a meta-analysis.
Evidence-based youth psychotherapies versus usual clinical care: a meta-analysis  of direct comparisons.
Can a meta-analysis answer the question: is mucosectomy and handsewn or double-stapled anastomosis better in ileal pouch-anal anastomosis?
A comparison of neuraxial block versus general anesthesia for elective total hip  replacement: a meta-analysis.
Association of SUMO4, as a candidate gene for IDDM5, with susceptibility to type  1 diabetes in Asian populations.
A mini meta-analysis of studies on CD4+CD25+ T cells in human type 1 diabetes: report of the Immunology of Diabetes Society T Cell Workshop.
Hair-thread tourniquet syndrome in an infant with bony erosion: a case report, literature review, and meta-analysis.
Hypotonic versus isotonic saline in hospitalised children: a systematic review.
[Outcome of surgical treatment for acromegaly performed by a single neurosurgeon  and cumulative meta-analysis].
Decreased risk of suicides and attempts during long-term lithium treatment: a meta-analytic review.
Thrombotic complications in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a meta-analysis of 17 prospective studies comprising 1752 pediatric patients.
Vitamin D receptor gene BsmI and TaqI polymorphisms and fracture risk: a meta-analysis.
Individual patient data meta-analysis of allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell transplant vs bone marrow transplant in the management of hematological malignancies: indirect assessment of the effect of day 11 methotrexate administration.
Does stretching increase ankle dorsiflexion range of motion? A systematic review.
Meta-analysis of endoscopy and surgery versus surgery alone for common bile duct  stones with the gallbladder in situ.
Body size and composition and prostate cancer risk: systematic review and meta-regression analysis.
5,10-Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and acute lymphoblastic leukemia risk: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-1B polymorphisms and gastric cancer risk--a meta-analysis.
Cyclin e expression and prognosis in breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis of published studies.
Basal ganglia functional connectivity based on a meta-analysis of 126 positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging publications.
RNASEL gene polymorphisms and the risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Preventing post-organ transplantation cytomegalovirus disease with ganciclovir: a meta-analysis comparing prophylactic and preemptive therapies.
Montelukast in allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic surgery for ulcerative colitis - a meta-analysis.
Effects of oral magnesium supplementation on glycaemic control in Type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized double-blind controlled trials.
Internet-based innovations for the prevention of eating disorders: a systematic review.
An apolipoprotein E variant may protect against age-related macular degeneration  through cytokine regulation.
The role of 1H magnetic resonance spectroscopy in pre-operative evaluation for epilepsy surgery. A meta-analysis.
Are men with low selenium levels at increased risk of prostate cancer?
Pulmonary function following surgical repair of pectus excavatum: a meta-analysis.
HFE mutations and risk of coronary heart disease in middle-aged women.
Association study of the G-protein signaling 4 (RGS4) and proline dehydrogenase (PRODH) genes with schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
DNA repair gene XRCC3 polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 48 case-control studies.
The evidence for carotid stenting versus carotid endarterectomy in symptomatic patients.
Folate intake, MTHFR polymorphisms, and risk of esophageal, gastric, and pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Incidence of advanced adenomas at surveillance colonoscopy in patients with a personal history of colon adenomas: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage studies of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Heterogeneity-based genome search meta-analysis for preeclampsia.
Endothelial NO synthase gene polymorphisms and hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of case-referent studies of specific environmental or occupational  pollutants on lung cancer.
Meta-analysis of short-term outcomes after laparoscopic resection for rectal cancer.
Association between Agent Orange and birth defects: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reanalysis of systematic reviews: the case of invasive strategies for acute coronary syndromes.
Rifampicin plus pyrazinamide versus isoniazid for treating latent tuberculosis infection: a meta-analysis.
Tear film osmolarity: determination of a referent for dry eye diagnosis.
Variations in primary open-angle glaucoma prevalence by age, gender, and race: a  Bayesian meta-analysis.
The moral judgment of juvenile delinquents: a meta-analysis.
Preterm delivery and asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Traditional chinese medicine for the treatment of chronic prostatitis in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The neural correlates of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: an ALE meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of quantitative EEG power associated with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
A meta-analytic review of benefit finding and growth.
Meta-analysis: anticholinergics, but not beta-agonists, reduce severe exacerbations and respiratory mortality in COPD.
A comparison of traditional digital blocks and single subcutaneous palmar injection blocks at the base of the finger and a meta-analysis of the digital block trials.
Effects on mortality of abciximab in ST-elevation myocardial infarction treated with percutaneous coronary intervention including stent implantation.
Effects of antihypertensive drug treatments on fracture outcomes: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Size bias of fragile X premutation alleles in late-onset movement disorders.
Fruit and vegetable consumption and risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
The relationship between safety climate and safety performance: a meta-analytic review.
A meta-analysis of the effects of psychological interventions in pediatric oncology on outcomes of psychological distress and adjustment.
Effect of periodontal treatment on serum C-reactive protein levels: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
Birth control pills and nonprofessional voice: acoustic analyses.
Worldwide variation in the performance of children and adolescents: an analysis of 109 studies of the 20-m shuttle run test in 37 countries.
A meta-analysis of surgical practice patterns in the endoscopic management of ureteroceles.
Rifampin is safe for treatment of pruritus due to chronic cholestasis: a meta-analysis of prospective randomized-controlled trials.
Oral contraceptive use as a risk factor for premenopausal breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
MAOA, maltreatment, and gene-environment interaction predicting children's mental health: new evidence and a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the effect of the Excebrane dialyser on biomarkers of lipid peroxidation.
The nocturnal jejunal migrating motor complex: defining normal ranges by study of 51 healthy adult volunteers and meta-analysis.
Nuclear medicine imaging of diabetic foot infection: results of meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of occupational trichloroethylene exposure and multiple myeloma or leukaemia.
Surgical management of pseudophakic retinal detachments: a meta-analysis.
[Are computer assisted total knee replacements more accurately placed? A meta-analysis of comparative studies].
Effects of medical crisis intervention on anxiety, depression, and posttraumatic  stress symptoms: a meta-analysis.
US or CT for Diagnosis of Appendicitis in Children and Adults? A Meta-Analysis.
Pharmacotherapy for post-traumatic stress disorder - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Integrated psychological therapy (IPT) for schizophrenia: is it effective?
Efficacy of psychological therapy in schizophrenia: conclusions from meta-analyses.
The effectiveness of sexual offender treatment for juveniles as measured by recidivism: a meta-analysis.
Tiotropium for stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: A meta-analysis.
Prophylactic antibiotics in chest trauma: a meta-analysis of high-quality studies.
[Meta-analysis of uterine arterial embolization and myomectomy in treatment of uterine myoma].
[The efficacy of artificial liver support system treatment on hepatic failure in  China: a meta-analysis].
[Meta analysis for effect of lead on male productive function].
Medical therapy to facilitate urinary stone passage: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of controlled clinical studies with diacerein in the treatment of osteoarthritis.
The effect of early, intensive statin therapy on acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Directional atherectomy before stenting versus stenting alone in percutaneous coronary interventions: a meta-analysis.
Survival with aromatase inhibitors and inactivators versus standard hormonal therapy in advanced breast cancer: meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of short-term efficacy and safety after laparoscopic resection for colorectal cancer].
Meta-analysis: terlipressin therapy for the hepatorenal syndrome.
Meta-analysis of data from the six primary prevention trials of cardiovascular events using aspirin.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between complement factor  H Y402H polymorphisms and age-related macular degeneration.
Estimating transitions between symptom severity states over time in schizophrenia: a Bayesian meta-analytic approach.
Assessing relative risks of infection and rejection: a meta-analysis using an immune function assay.
Efficacy and clinical effectiveness of influenza vaccines in HIV-infected individuals: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of percutaneous transluminal septal myocardial ablation versus septal  myectomy for the treatment of patients with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy--a meta analysis.
First-line eradication of H pylori infection in Europe: a meta-analysis based on  congress abstracts, 1997-2004.
Personally addressed hand-signed letters increase questionnaire response: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Hyperfractionated or accelerated radiotherapy in head and neck cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the adjuvant role of granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor on immunological response to hepatitis B virus vaccine in end-stage renal  disease.
Meta-analysis: anti-viral therapy of hepatitis B virus-associated glomerulonephritis.
Systematic review: proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) for the healing of reflux oesophagitis - a comparison of esomeprazole with other PPIs.
A meta-analysis of the effect of soy protein supplementation on serum lipids.
Meta-analysis of mortality and cancer incidence among workers in the synthetic rubber-producing industry.
Treatments for later-life depressive conditions: a meta-analytic comparison of pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy.
Asthma and current intestinal parasite infection: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Using patient-centered endpoints to determine the cost-effectiveness of triptans  for acute migraine therapy.
Gender and post-dural puncture headache.
The use of noninvasive ventilation in emergency department patients with acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema: a systematic review.
[Effectiveness of analgesic techniques after breast surgery: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis and pooled re-analysis of copy number changes in colorectal cancer  detected by comparative genomic hybridization.
Meta-analysis of association between a catechol-O-methyltransferase gene polymorphism and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Strategies for discontinuing long-term benzodiazepine use: meta-analysis.
Insight in psychosis and neuropsychological function: meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis comparing suprapubic and transurethral catheterization for bladder drainage after abdominal surgery.
The effects of volatile anesthetics on cardiac ischemic complications and mortality in CABG: a meta-analysis.
Interleukin-1beta and interleukin-1 receptor antagonist gene polymorphisms and gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Exercise is good for your blood pressure: effects of endurance training and resistance training.
Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli is a cause of acute diarrheal illness: a meta-analysis.
Why aren't identical twins linguistically identical? Genetic, prenatal and postnatal factors.
Remission, dropouts, and adverse drug reaction rates in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of head-to-head trials.
Disparities in HbA1c levels between African-American and non-Hispanic white adults with diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: effect of hormone-replacement therapy on components of the metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women.
A comparison of adverse events and functional outcomes after restorative proctocolectomy for familial adenomatous polyposis and ulcerative colitis.
Management of laryngeal dysplasia: a review.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of antifungal agents for preventing fungal infections in liver transplant recipients.
Global burden of COPD: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of acustimulation effects on nausea and vomiting in pregnant women.
Pregnancy outcome after first-trimester exposure to metformin: a meta-analysis.
Mapping candidate non-MHC susceptibility regions to multiple sclerosis.
A meta-analysis of teen cigarette smoking cessation.
Ciprofloxacin/metronidazole versus beta-lactam-based treatment of intra-abdominal infections: a meta-analysis of comparative trials.
Adulthood consumption of preserved and nonpreserved vegetables and the risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials comparing drainage alone vs primary sphincter-cutting procedures for anorectal abscess-fistula.
Impact of the suctioning system (open vs. closed) on the incidence of ventilation-associated pneumonia: Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-synthesis of presence in nursing.
Imiquimod for the treatment of actinic keratosis: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: peritoneal membrane transport, mortality, and technique failure in peritoneal dialysis.
Sources of social support and burnout: a meta-analytic test of the conservation of resources model.
Understanding attitudes toward affirmative action programs in employment: summary and meta-analysis of 35 years of research.
Workplace harassment from the victim's perspective: a theoretical model and meta-analysis.
The use of antifibrinolytic agents in total hip arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Correlation of sperm DNA damage with IVF and ICSI outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic meta-analysis of the efficacy and heterogeneity of disease management programs in congestive heart failure.
Family psychiatric history evidence on the nosological relations of DSM-IV ADHD combined and inattentive subtypes: new data and meta-analysis.
Does neuraxial anesthesia reduce intraoperative blood loss? A meta-analysis.
Value of adenosine deaminase (ADA) in ascitic fluid for the diagnosis of tuberculous peritonitis: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the relationship between lipoprotein lipase Asn291Ser variant and diseases.
Association between phosphodiesterase 4D gene and ischaemic stroke.
Probiotics in the prevention of antibiotic-associated diarrhea in children: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Behavioral HIV risk reduction among people who inject drugs: meta-analytic evidence of efficacy.
A randomized trial of tranexamic acid in combination with cell salvage plus a meta-analysis of randomized trials evaluating tranexamic acid in off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature: chemotherapy and surgery versus surgery alone in non-small cell lung cancer.
Meta-analysis of femoropopliteal bypass grafts for lower extremity arterial insufficiency.
Response rate or time to progression as predictors of survival in trials of metastatic colorectal cancer or non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Laterality and language experience.
Association of the calpain-10 gene with type 2 diabetes in Europeans: results of  pooled and meta-analyses.
Symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA) as endogenous marker of renal function--a meta-analysis.
Oral rifampin for prevention of S. aureus carriage-related infections in patients with renal failure--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Functional neuroimaging of working memory in schizophrenia: task performance as a moderating variable.
A meta-analytic study of predictors for loneliness during adolescence.
Intrapartum electronic fetal heart rate monitoring and the prevention of perinatal brain injury.
Superior semicircular canal dehiscence presenting as postpartum vertigo.
Forming attitudes that predict future behavior: a meta-analysis of the attitude-behavior relation.
A population-based family study of DSM-III generalized anxiety disorder.
Impact of ovarian endometrioma on assisted reproduction outcomes.
Osteoarthritis susceptibility loci defined by genome scan meta-analysis.
Osteoarthritis susceptibility loci defined by genome scan meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of success rates for digit replantation.
Steroid withdrawal increases risk of acute rejection but reduces infection: a meta-analysis of 1681 cases in renal transplantation.
[Meta-analysis of association of deletion allele of angiotensin-converting enzyme gene with coronary heart disease in China].
A meta-regression to examine the relationship between aerobic fitness and cognitive performance.
Home-based cardiac rehabilitation compared with centre-based rehabilitation and usual care: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of frusemide to prevent or treat acute renal failure.
[Diagnostic value of anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody for rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis].
Early compared with late radiotherapy in combined modality treatment for limited  disease small-cell lung cancer: a London Lung Cancer Group multicenter randomized clinical trial and meta-analysis.
The association between common vitamin D receptor gene variations and osteoporosis: a participant-level meta-analysis.
Adiponectin and coronary heart disease: a prospective study and meta-analysis.
Use of vancomycin-containing lock or flush solutions for prevention of bloodstream infection associated with central venous access devices: a meta-analysis of prospective, randomized trials.
Probiotics for pediatric antibiotic-associated diarrhea: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of the renal safety of isosmolar iodixanol compared with low-osmolar contrast media.
Adherence to antiretroviral therapy in sub-Saharan Africa and North America: a meta-analysis.
Are antibiotics effective for acute purulent rhinitis? Systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo controlled randomised trials.
Processed meat consumption and stomach cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Betahistine in the treatment of vertiginous syndromes: a meta-analysis.
Cognitive training in Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Adenosine deaminase and tuberculous pericarditis--a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Sensation seeking and alcohol use: a meta-analytic review.
A meta-analysis of the effectiveness of alternative HIV counseling and testing methods to increase knowledge of HIV status.
Meta-analysis of diagnostic and screening test accuracy evaluations: methodologic primer.
Meta-analysis: intradermal vs. intramuscular vaccination against hepatitis B virus in patients with chronic kidney disease.
Meta-analysis of ischemia-modified albumin to rule out acute coronary syndromes in the emergency department.
Meta-analysis: inhibition of renin-angiotensin system prevents new-onset atrial fibrillation.
Postinfectious irritable bowel syndrome--a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of monoclonal stool antigen test for the diagnosis of H. pylori infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of adverse events of low-dose aspirin and clopidogrel in randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis in pediatric patients 3 to 18 years of age: a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials.
Are there demonstrable effects of distant intercessory prayer? A meta-analytic review.
Efficacy of psychosocial interventions for smoking cessation in patients with coronary heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: risk for hypertension in living kidney donors.
Voice-related quality of life in T1 glottic cancer: irradiation versus endoscopic excision.
A meta-analysis comparing trials of antimuscarinic medications funded by industry or not.
Myocardial protection with volatile anaesthetic agents during coronary artery bypass surgery: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of pancreaticojejunostomy versus pancreaticogastrostomy reconstruction after pancreaticoduodenectomy.
Systematic review of laparoscopic versus open surgery for colorectal cancer.
Meta-analysis of flavonoids for the treatment of haemorrhoids.
Meta-analysis of studies of alcohol and breast cancer with consideration of the methodological issues.
Cancer after total joint arthroplasty: a meta-analysis.
Single-agent purine analogues for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukaemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Early switch with aromatase inhibitors as adjuvant hormonal therapy for postmenopausal breast cancer: pooled-analysis of 8794 patients.
Pathophysiology of nasal obstruction and meta-analysis of early and late effects  of levocetirizine.
Influence of smoking on osseointegrated implant failure: a meta-analysis.
Human papillomavirus and head and neck cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low density lipoprotein cholesterol, statins and cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the nonword reading deficit in specific reading disorder.
Meta-analysis of plethysmography and rheography in the diagnosis of deep vein thrombosis.
An evaluation of emergency sclerotherapy of varices in randomized trials: looking the needle in the eye.
Screening and early psychological intervention for depression in schools : systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the prognostic significance of perinodal spread in head and neck squamous cell carcinomas (HNSCC) patients.
Screen-detected diabetes, hypertension and hypercholesterolemia as predictors of  cardiovascular mortality in five populations of Asian origin: the DECODA study.
Effect of beta-blocker therapy on functional status in patients with heart failure--a meta-analysis.
Limited value of alarm features in the diagnosis of upper gastrointestinal malignancy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis finds use of inhaled corticosteroids during pregnancy safe: a systematic meta-analysis review.
Meta-analysis shows association between the tryptophan hydroxylase (TPH) gene and schizophrenia.
CTLA4 polymorphisms and ophthalmopathy in Graves' disease patients: association study and meta-analysis.
Intrauterine insemination catheters for assisted reproduction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Fibrinogen and coronary heart disease: test of causality by 'Mendelian randomization'.
Clinical evaluation of recombinant factor VIII preparation (Kogenate) in previously treated patients with hemophilia A: descriptive meta-analysis of post-marketing study data.
Quality of life after acute respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Differential effectiveness of behavioral parent-training and cognitive-behavioral therapy for antisocial youth: a meta-analysis.
Nurse staffing levels and hospital mortality in critical care settings: literature review and meta-analysis.
Effects of long-term atomoxetine treatment for young children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Meta-analysis of cardiovascular outcomes trials comparing intensive versus moderate statin therapy.
Use of chlorhexidine-impregnated dressing to prevent vascular and epidural catheter colonization and infection: a meta-analysis.
The impact of coenzyme Q10 on systolic function in patients with chronic heart failure.
Anger, hostility, and posttraumatic stress disorder in trauma-exposed adults: a meta-analysis.
Blood pressure response to calcium supplementation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prenatal multivitamin supplementation and rates of congenital anomalies: a meta-analysis.
Loving, hating, vacillating: Agreeableness, implicit self-esteem, and neurotic conflict.
The impact on juror verdicts of judicial instruction to disregard inadmissible evidence: a meta-analysis.
Chlamydia pneumoniae infection and the risk of multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Effects of bisphosphonates on bone loss in the first year after renal transplantation--a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis epidemiological assessment of neurodevelopmental disorders following vaccines administered from 1994 through 2000 in the United States.
Distinct neural mechanisms of risk and ambiguity: a meta-analysis of decision-making.
Nuclear medicine imaging of bone infections.
The evolution of very-low-calorie diets: an update and meta-analysis.
Comparison of growth patterns of acoustic neuromas with and without radiosurgery.
Present understanding of shock polarity for internal defibrillation: the obvious  and non-obvious clinical implications.
Antenatal hydronephrosis as a predictor of postnatal outcome: a meta-analysis.
Reference values for the five-repetition sit-to-stand test: a descriptive meta-analysis of data from elders.
Frequency of adverse events after vaccination with different vaccinia strains.
The effectiveness of drug treatment programs in reducing criminal behavior: a meta-analysis.
Child social skills training in developmental crime prevention: effects on antisocial behavior and social competence.
Air pollution and lung cancer risks in China--a meta-analysis.
Nicotine replacement therapy for long-term smoking cessation: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the diagnostic accuracy of rapid immunochromatographic assays for the detection of dengue virus IgM antibodies during acute infection.
The effects of antimuscarinics on health-related quality of life in overactive bladder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Postsurgical infections are reduced with specialized nutrition support.
Effect of patient's sex on risk of recurrent venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis.
Association of an Asn40Asp (A118G) polymorphism in the mu-opioid receptor gene with substance dependence: a meta-analysis.
Selection of suitable reference genes for accurate normalization of gene expression profile studies in non-small cell lung cancer.
Adjunctive corticosteroids for Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia in patients with HIV-infection.
Structured treatment interruptions (STI) in chronic unsuppressed HIV infection in adults.
Opioids for neuropathic pain.
Copper containing, framed intra-uterine devices for contraception.
Strontium ranelate for preventing and treating postmenopausal osteoporosis.
Sodium channel blockers for cystic fibrosis.
Acupuncture for neck disorders.
Interventions to improve water quality for preventing diarrhoea.
Screening for prostate cancer.
Exercise in prevention and treatment of anxiety and depression among children and young people.
Potassium supplementation for the management of primary hypertension in adults.
School-based secondary prevention programmes for preventing violence.
Steroids for symptom control in infectious mononucleosis.
Disposable nappies for preventing napkin dermatitis in infants.
EMLA and amethocaine for reduction of children's pain associated with needle insertion.
Tramadol for neuropathic pain.
Pulmonary artery catheters for adult patients in intensive care.
Addition of drug/s to a chemotherapy regimen for metastatic breast cancer.
Calcitonin for metastatic bone pain.
Exercise for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Techniques for surgical retrieval of sperm prior to ICSI for azoospermia.
Preoperative chemotherapy for resectable thoracic esophageal cancer.
Potassium containing toothpastes for dentine hypersensitivity.
Patient support and education for promoting adherence to highly active antiretroviral therapy for HIV/AIDS.
Therapeutic ultrasound for pressure ulcers.
Dressings for healing venous leg ulcers.
Inconsistent association between the STK15 F31I genetic polymorphism and breast cancer risk.
Meta-analysis: the effect of statins on albuminuria.
Association of MUTYH and colorectal cancer.
Meta-analysis: antioxidant supplements for primary and secondary prevention of colorectal adenoma.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: importance of CagA status for successful eradication of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Factor XIII Val34Leu variant is protective against venous thromboembolism: a HuGE review and meta-analysis.
Evaluation of a susceptibility gene for schizophrenia: genotype based meta-analysis of RGS4 polymorphisms from thirteen independent samples.
G72/G30 in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis shows significant association between dopamine system genes and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
Three-dimensional locations and boundaries of motor and premotor cortices as defined by functional brain imaging: a meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of transesophageal echocardiography, helical computed tomography, and magnetic resonance imaging for suspected thoracic aortic dissection: systematic review and meta-analysis.
N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2) gene polymorphisms in colon and lung cancer patients.
Psychological interventions to improve glycaemic control in patients with type 1  diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: Cysticidal drugs for neurocysticercosis: albendazole and praziquantel.
Is blood superior to crystalloid cardioplegia? A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Cardiovascular outcomes with atrial-based pacing compared with ventricular pacing: meta-analysis of randomized trials, using individual patient data.
Effects of exercise on breast cancer patients and survivors: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Insulin-like growth factors and cancer: no role in screening. Evidence from the BUPA study and meta-analysis of prospective epidemiological studies.
Economic deregulation and transport safety: a synthesis of evidence from evaluation studies.
Acute alcohol use and the risk of non-fatal injury in sixteen countries.
Glycemic control and macrovascular disease in types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus: Meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Mechanical thromboprophylaxis in critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term effects of mid-dose ursodeoxycholic acid in primary biliary cirrhosis:  a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effect of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on H. pylori eradication rate in dual and triple first-line PPI therapies: a meta-analysis.
Association of uteroglobin G38A polymorphism with IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: cardiovascular events associated with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
Subclinical hypothyroidism and the risk of coronary heart disease: a meta-analysis.
Behavioral treatment of challenging behaviors in individuals with mild mental retardation: meta-analysis of single-subject research.
Cyclosporin versus tacrolimus as primary immunosuppressant after liver transplantation: a meta-analysis.
Timing of Demirjian's tooth formation stages.
Moderators of PTSD-related psychophysiological effect sizes: results from a meta-analysis.
TNFalpha polymorphisms and risk of psoriatic arthritis.
A comparison of hand-sewn versus stapled ileal pouch anal anastomosis (IPAA) following proctocolectomy: a meta-analysis of 4183 patients.
A meta-analysis of the association between adherence to drug therapy and mortality.
Paracetamol use and risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the use of fibrin sealant to prevent seroma formation after breast cancer surgery.
Green tea, black tea and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Green tea, black tea and breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Procalcitonin as a diagnostic test for sepsis in critically ill adults and after  surgery or trauma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[PM 10 exposure and asthma exacerbations in pediatric age: a meta-analysis of panel and time-series studies].
A daily process design study of attentional pain control strategies in the self-management of cancer pain.
Efficacy and safety of balloon kyphoplasty in the treatment of vertebral compression fractures: a systematic review.
Efficiency of oocyte cryopreservation: a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide meta-analysis for rheumatoid arthritis.
Efficacy of exercise for treating overweight in children and adolescents: a systematic review.
Early home-supported discharge of stroke patients: a health technology assessment.
Case study of the comparison of data from conference abstracts and full-text articles in health technology assessment of rapidly evolving technologies: does it make a difference?
Human leukocyte antigens and susceptibility to tuberculosis: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Surgical hand scrubs in relation to microbial counts: systematic literature review.
A meta-analysis of cognitive deficits in euthymic patients with bipolar disorder.
Statins for improving renal outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Intracoronary infusion of autologous bone marrow cells and left ventricular function after acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Thyroxine-triiodothyronine combination therapy versus thyroxine monotherapy for clinical hypothyroidism: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis demonstrates no significant differences between patient and population preferences.
Antioxidants vitamin C and vitamin e for the prevention and treatment of cancer.
Estimation of an age-specific reference interval for pulse wave velocity: a meta-analysis.
[Prevention of major ischemic events in lower limb arterial disease: does aspirin play a role?].
Manual examination of the spine: a systematic critical literature review of reproducibility.
Long-term atomoxetine treatment in adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Risk-corrected impact of mechanical versus bioprosthetic valves on long-term mortality after aortic valve replacement.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of treatments for aortic graft infection.
Schistosomiasis and water resources development: systematic review, meta-analysis, and estimates of people at risk.
Bevel direction and postdural puncture headache: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of scintimammography: an evidence-based approach to its clinical  utility.
Post-tympanostomy tube otorrhea: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of intradiscal electrothermal therapy (IDET).
Ethnicity and body dissatisfaction among women in the United States: a meta-analysis.
On blowing trumpets to the tulips: to prove or not to prove the null hypothesis--comment on Bösch, Steinkamp, and Boller (2006).
Examining psychokinesis: the interaction of human intention with random number generators--a meta-analysis.
The effects of growth hormone (GH) deficiency and GH replacement on cognitive performance in adults: a meta-analysis of the current literature.
Transrenal fixation of aortic stent-grafts: short- to midterm effects on renal function--a systematic review.
Short-burst oxygen therapy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
A meta-analysis of cardiopulmonary resuscitation with and without the administration of thrombolytic agents.
Spa therapy and balneotherapy for treating low back pain: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Association between PADI4 and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
Carotid intima-media thickness and antihypertensive treatment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of exercise interventions among people treated for cancer.
Surgery for non-small cell lung cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Factor V Leiden mutation and pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism: what is the exact risk? Results from a meta-analysis.
Intrathecal vs. intramuscular administration of human antitetanus immunoglobulin  or equine tetanus antitoxin in the treatment of tetanus: a meta-analysis.
Combining independent studies of diagnostic fluorodeoxyglucose positron-emission  tomography and computed tomography in mediastinal lymph node staging for non-small cell lung cancer.
[A meta-analysis of condylar fracture treatment].
[Meta analysis for relationship between exposure of free silicon dioxide and lung tumor].
[Correlation of Ureaplasma urealyticum and Chlamydia trachomatis infections with  male sterility: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials].
Review of 1H magnetic resonance spectroscopy findings in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
Investigation of genetic association between human Frizzled homolog 3 gene (FZD3) and schizophrenia: results in a Korean population and evidence from meta-analysis.
Vitamin K and the prevention of fractures: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of Transurethral Needle Ablation in symptomatic Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia.
Multidrug resistance 1 gene in inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: effect of long-acting beta-agonists on severe asthma exacerbations and asthma-related deaths.
Chemotherapy in advanced gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis based on aggregate data.
[The clinical efficacy of glutamine dipeptides on postoperative patients: an updated systematic review of randomized controlled trials from Europe and Asia (1997 - 2005)].
Microvessel density and VEGF expression are prognostic factors in colorectal cancer. Meta-analysis of the literature.
A meta-analysis of randomized trials of rescue percutaneous coronary intervention after failed fibrinolysis.
Meta-analysis shows strong positive association of the neuregulin 1 (NRG1) gene with schizophrenia.
Meta-analysis: accuracy of quantitative ultrasound for identifying patients with  osteoporosis.
Re-examining the efficacy of beta-blockers for the treatment of hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Intensive statin therapy and the risk of hospitalization for heart failure after  an acute coronary syndrome in the PROVE IT-TIMI 22 study.
Do selective cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitors and traditional non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs increase the risk of atherothrombosis? Meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Primary arthroplasty is better than internal fixation of displaced femoral neck fractures: a meta-analysis of 14 randomized studies with 2,289 patients.
Meta-analysis: the adjuvant role of thymopentin on immunological response to hepatitis B virus vaccine in end-stage renal disease.
Virulent strains of Helicobacter pylori and vascular diseases: a meta-analysis.
Effect of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation of women with low-risk pregnancies on pregnancy outcomes and growth measures at birth: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Combining risk estimates from observational studies with different exposure cutpoints: a meta-analysis on body mass index and diabetes type 2.
How accurate are published recurrence rates after rectal prolapse surgery? A meta-analysis of individual patient data.
A systematic review (meta-analysis) of the accuracy of the Mallampati tests to predict the difficult airway.
Sentinel lymph node biopsy for evaluation and treatment of patients with Merkel cell carcinoma: The Dana-Farber experience and meta-analysis of the literature.
The therapeutic effect of functional and transcutaneous electric stimulation on improving gait speed in stroke patients: a meta-analysis.
Nucleotide and amino acid mutations in human immunodeficiency virus corresponding to CD4+ decline.
Unresolved states of mind, anomalous parental behavior, and disorganized attachment: a review and meta-analysis of a transmission gap.
A meta-analysis of trials comparing Cypher and Taxus stents in patients with obstructive coronary artery disease.
A systematic review of the effects of calcium supplementation on body weight.
Brain volume in first-episode schizophrenia: systematic review and meta-analysis  of magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Meta-analysis of prophylactic antibiotic use in acute necrotizing pancreatitis.
Breast density and parenchymal patterns as markers of breast cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Genetic polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase T1 (GSTT1) and susceptibility  to gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prophylactic colony-stimulating factors in children receiving myelosuppressive chemotherapy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Does surgical approach affect total hip arthroplasty dislocation rates?
Laparoscopic vs open subtotal colectomy for benign and malignant disease.
Systematic review on the short-term outcome of laparoscopic resection for colon and rectosigmoid cancer.
The relationship between higher blood pressure and ischaemic, haemorrhagic stroke among Chinese and Caucasians: meta-analysis.
Cardiac resynchronisation for patients with heart failure due to left ventricular systolic dysfunction -- a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Agricultural biodiversity, nutrition, and health: making a difference to hunger and nutrition in the developing world.
Effect of inhaled corticosteroids on risk of development of cataract: a meta-analysis.
Proactive telephone counseling as an adjunct to minimal intervention for smoking  cessation: a meta-analysis.
Genetic variation in IL6 gene and type 2 diabetes: tagging-SNP haplotype analysis in large-scale case-control study and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on metformin co-administration during gonadotrophin ovulation induction or IVF in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Prognostic factors of leg amputation in patients with vascular injury: a systematic review.
A meta-analysis of profile and time-course of symptom change in acute schizophrenia treated with atypical antipsychotics.
Prevalence of anal incontinence according to age and gender: a systematic review  and meta-regression analysis.
Similarities of ordered gene lists.
Risk stratification of individuals with the Brugada electrocardiogram: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of adjuvant chemotherapy using oral fluorinated pyrimidines for curatively resected gastric cancer: a meta-analysis of centrally randomized controlled clinical trials in Japan.
Testosterone use in men and its effects on bone health. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors on arterial stiffness in hypertension: systematic review and meta-analysis.
The prevention of depressive symptoms in children and adolescents: A meta-analytic review.
Why communication is crucial: meta-analysis of the relationship between safer sexual communication and condom use.
A systematic review of multivitamin and multimineral supplementation for infection.
Imiquimod for actinic keratosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mid-trimester genetic amniocentesis in twin pregnancy and the risk of fetal loss.
Helicopter scene transport of trauma patients with nonlife-threatening injuries:  a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of probiotics in prevention of acute diarrhoea: a meta-analysis of masked, randomised, placebo-controlled trials.
Laboratory versus portable sleep studies: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of academic admission interviews: an exploratory meta-analysis.
Association of the NRG1 gene and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation: summary and meta-analysis of outcomes.
Neuroleptic drugs in dementia: benefits and harm.
The effectiveness of tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy in the treatment of pediatric obstructive sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Textured surface breast implants in the prevention of capsular contracture among  breast augmentation patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Does worry about breast cancer predict screening behaviors? A meta-analysis of the prospective evidence.
How should we diagnose suspected deep-vein thrombosis?
Meta-analysis of mobile phone use and intracranial tumors.
Meta-analysis of association between ApoE epsilon4 allele and schizophrenia.
Epidemiology of treatment-associated mucosal injury after treatment with newer regimens for lymphoma, breast, lung, or colorectal cancer.
Association between polymorphism of tumour necrosis factor alpha-308 gene promoter and asthma: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of periprostatic local anesthetic for prostate biopsy analgesia: a meta-analysis.
Can intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guérin reduce recurrence in patients with superficial bladder cancer? A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
[The role of biological drugs in the treatment of psoriasis, results from 9 randomized placebo-controlled trials].
Meta-analysis on the effect of the N363S polymorphism of the glucocorticoid receptor gene (GRL) on human obesity.
Opioids for chronic noncancer pain: a meta-analysis of effectiveness and side effects.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of ethnic differences in risks of adverse reactions to drugs used in cardiovascular medicine.
Recombinant human erythropoietins and cancer patients: updated meta-analysis of 57 studies including 9353 patients.
Anti-TNF antibody therapy in rheumatoid arthritis and the risk of serious infections and malignancies: systematic review and meta-analysis of rare harmful  effects in randomized controlled trials.
Renal impairment and outcomes in heart failure: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical and immunologic responses to active specific cancer vaccines in human colorectal cancer.
Diagnosis of invasive aspergillosis using a galactomannan assay: a meta-analysis.
Bilateral movement training and stroke rehabilitation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Self-referential processing in our brain--a meta-analysis of imaging studies on the self.
Meta-analysis of association of rare mutations and common sequence variants in the MSR1 gene and prostate cancer risk.
Target of rapamycin inhibitors (sirolimus and everolimus) for primary immunosuppression of kidney transplant recipients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Efficacy of lipid lowering drug treatment for diabetic and non-diabetic patients: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
The fading of reported effectiveness. A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Markers of exacerbation severity in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
[A meta-analysis documenting the optimal tolerance profile of tolterodine].
APOE epsilon variation in multiple sclerosis susceptibility and disease severity: some answers.
A meta-analysis of individual patient responses to lamotrigine or carbamazepine monotherapy.
Association between dopamine D4 receptor (DRD4) exon III polymorphism and Neuroticism in the Japanese population.
Non-invasive imaging compared with intra-arterial angiography in the diagnosis of symptomatic carotid stenosis: a meta-analysis.
Nonhormonal therapies for menopausal hot flashes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of early treatment with statins on short-term clinical outcomes in acute  coronary syndromes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: low-molecular-weight heparin and bleeding in patients with severe  renal insufficiency.
The behavioral consequences of terrorism: a meta-analysis.
Meta analyses in treatment of spontaneous supratentorial intracerebral haematoma.
Association between fruit and vegetable consumption and oral cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
A Bayesian meta-analysis of prophylactic granulocyte colony-stimulating factor and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in children with cancer.
A meta-analysis of the yield of capsule endoscopy compared to other diagnostic modalities in patients with non-stricturing small bowel Crohn's disease.
Safety of amiodarone in the prevention of postoperative atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of biochemical and patient-level effects of calcimimetic therapy.
Comparing rates of dyspepsia with Coxibs vs NSAID+PPI: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of comparative studies of depression in mothers of children with and without developmental disabilities.
Progesterone for the prevention of preterm birth among women at increased risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of inhaled corticosteroids in patients with COPD: a systematic review and meta-analysis of health outcomes.
Meta-analysis of the use of rescue antiemetics following PONV prophylactic failure with 5-HT3 antagonist/dexamethasone versus single-agent therapies.
Meta-analysis of the safety of 5-HT3 antagonists with dexamethasone or droperidol for prevention of PONV.
Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs during third trimester and the risk of premature closure of the ductus arteriosus: a meta-analysis.
Homograft implantation techniques in the aortic position: to preserve or replace  the aortic root?
Depression and risk for Alzheimer disease: systematic review, meta-analysis, and  metaregression analysis.
A comparison of the accuracy of two minimally invasive breast biopsy methods: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacological treatment for unipolar psychotic depression: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of sentinel lymph node biopsy after preoperative chemotherapy in patients with breast cancer.
Coffee and gastric cancer: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Patient-controlled versus nurse-controlled analgesia after cardiac surgery--a meta-analysis.
Preoperative gabapentin for postoperative analgesia: a meta-analysis.
Review and meta-analysis of risk estimates for prostate cancer in pesticide manufacturing workers.
NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) Pro187Ser polymorphism and the risk of lung, bladder, and colorectal cancers: a meta-analysis.
Body mass index and adenocarcinomas of the esophagus or gastric cardia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of stereotactic radiosurgery alone or in combination with whole brain radiotherapy compared to conventional surgery and/or whole brain radiotherapy for the treatment of one or more brain metastases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Security of children's relationships with nonparental care providers: a meta-analysis.
Drainage or nondrainage in elective colorectal anastomosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Which is the optimal bowel preparation for colonoscopy - a meta-analysis.
Interpersonal violence and mental illness: a literature review.
Pneumonia as a complication of blood product transfusion in the critically ill: transfusion-related immunomodulation (TRIM).
Depression as a risk factor for the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus. A meta-analysis.
Eating disorder prevention research: a meta-analysis.
Survival of non-seminomatous germ cell cancer patients according to the IGCC classification: An update based on meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the clinical effectiveness of venous arterialization for salvage of critically ischaemic limbs.
Relationship between steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis in chronic hepatitis C: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Pharyngeal anesthesia during sedated EGDs: is "the spray" beneficial? A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Efficacy of drug eluting stents in patients with and without diabetes mellitus: indirect comparison of controlled trials.
Drug eluting stents: an updated meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Nursing intervention and smoking cessation: meta-analysis update.
Efficacy of PDE-5-inhibitors for erectile dysfunction. A comparative meta-analysis of fixed-dose regimen randomized controlled trials administering the International Index of Erectile Function in broad-spectrum populations.
The use of perioperative antibiotics in tonsillectomy: does it decrease morbidity?
A comparison of early gastric and post-pyloric feeding in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis.
Implications of direct and indirect range restriction for meta-analysis methods and findings.
A reexamination of black-white mean differences in work performance: more data, more moderators.
Does the use of erythropoietin reduce the risk of exposure to allogeneic blood transfusion in cardiac surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aerobic exercise and lipids and lipoproteins in patients with cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Is adjuvant 5-FU-based chemoradiotherapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma beneficial? A meta-analysis of an unanswered question.
The neuropsychological profile of symptomatic AIDS and ADC patients in the pre-HAART era: a meta-analysis.
Associations between apolipoprotein B, apolipoprotein AI, the apolipoprotein B/AI ratio and coronary heart disease: a literature-based meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Observational modeling effects for movement dynamics and movement outcome measures across differing task constraints: a meta-analysis.
The meaning of distal sensory loss and absent ankle reflexes in relation to age:  a meta-analysis.
Clinical diagnosis of an anterior cruciate ligament rupture: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for avascular necrosis after femoral neck fractures in children: 25  Cincinnati cases and meta-analysis of 360 cases.
A meta-analytic test of intergroup contact theory.
Surgical ablation as treatment for the elimination of atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
Incidence of cancer among female flight attendants: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and prostate cancer  risk.
Antifungal prophylaxis in liver transplant patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Clinical trials of statins and fibrates --a meta-analysis].
Self-prediction and patient health: influencing health-related behaviors through  self-prophecy.
Further evidence for the association between G72/G30 genes and schizophrenia in two ethnically distinct populations.
Is M129V of PRNP gene associated with Alzheimer's disease? A case-control study and a meta-analysis.
Meta-analyzing left hemisphere language areas: phonology, semantics, and sentence processing.
Acculturation to Western society as a risk factor for high blood pressure: a meta-analytic review.
The analgesic effects of perioperative gabapentin on postoperative pain: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between oxidative stress, varicocele and infertility: a meta-analysis.
Continuous positive airway pressure reduces daytime sleepiness in mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnoea: a meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of chloroquine and sulphadoxine--pyrimethamine in pregnant women and children: a meta-analysis.
[Comparison of different vehicles for nebulized salbutamol in treatment of bronchial asthma exacerbations: a Meta-analysis].
[Meta-analysis on NRAMP1 gene polymorphisms and tuberculosis susceptibility in East-Asia population].
[Meta analysis of 2025 cases with multiple primary colorectal carcinoma].
[Grouping-related bias of effects of the same anti-hypertensive drugs in non-doubleblind randomized trials: a meta-analysis in Chinese hypertension clinical literature].
Bone-patellar tendon-bone autografts versus hamstring autografts for reconstruction of anterior cruciate ligament: meta-analysis.
The relationship between organisational characteristics and the effects of clinical guidelines on medical performance in hospitals, a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis discovery of tissue-specific DNA sequence motifs from mammalian gene expression data.
Pacemaker and ICD generator reliability: meta-analysis of device registries.
Clinical safety of HIV lipopeptides used as vaccines in healthy volunteers and HIV-infected adults.
Oxycodone for cancer-related pain: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of defibrase in treatment of acute cerebral infarction.
The McKenzie method for low back pain: a systematic review of the literature with a meta-analysis approach.
Adjuvant chemotherapy for invasive bladder cancer (individual patient data).
Aqueous shunts for glaucoma.
Patching for corneal abrasion.
Calcium supplementation for the management of primary hypertension in adults.
Music therapy for autistic spectrum disorder.
Palliative biliary stents for obstructing pancreatic carcinoma.
Marital therapy for depression.
The effects of blood pressure lowering on development of cognitive impairment and dementia in patients without apparent prior cerebrovascular disease.
Surgical approach to hysterectomy for benign gynaecological disease.
Penfluridol for schizophrenia.
Perazine for schizophrenia.
Intravenous immunoglobulin for myasthenia gravis.
Behavioural and cognitive interventions with or without other treatments for the  management of faecal incontinence in children.
Interventions for preventing oral mucositis for patients with cancer receiving treatment.
Birth spacing and risk of adverse perinatal outcomes: a meta-analysis.
[Expression of epidermal growth factor receptor-2 in Chinese breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis].
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors in coronary artery disease and preserved left ventricular systolic function: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Toward understanding the genetics of alcohol drinking through transcriptome meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the dialysis mode and immunological response to hepatitis B virus  vaccine in dialysis population.
Meta-analysis: colorectal and small bowel cancer risk in patients with Crohn's disease.
Risk of recurrent venous thromboembolism in patients with common thrombophilia: a systematic review.
Effect of BCG vaccination on childhood tuberculous meningitis and miliary tuberculosis worldwide: a meta-analysis and assessment of cost-effectiveness.
Effect of non-invasive positive pressure ventilation (NIPPV) on mortality in patients with acute cardiogenic pulmonary oedema: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of soy intake and breast cancer risk.
Risk of HIV-1 transmission for parenteral exposure and blood transfusion: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Compression plating versus intramedullary nailing of humeral shaft fractures--a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of maintenance treatment with naltrexone for opioid dependence: a meta-analytical review.
Meta-analysis of probiotics for the prevention of antibiotic associated diarrhea  and the treatment of Clostridium difficile disease.
Ribavirin monotherapy for chronic hepatitis C infection: a Cochrane Hepato-Biliary Group systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Accuracy of Helicobacter pylori diagnostic tests in patients with bleeding peptic ulcer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The incidence of stroke after myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised, controlled trials of the timing of chest radiotherapy in patients with limited-stage, small-cell lung cancer.
Physiologic versus anatomic repair of congenitally corrected transposition of the great arteries: meta-analysis of individual patient data.
A meta-analysis of the effect of high weight on asthma.
Short-term and long-term effects of violent media on aggression in children and adults.
Recruitment to mammography screening: a randomised trial and meta-analysis of invitation letters and telephone calls.
Thrombophilic abnormalities, oral contraceptives, and risk of cerebral vein thrombosis: a meta-analysis.
Use of prophylactic anticoagulation and the risk of hepatic veno-occlusive disease in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of the analgesic efficacy and side-effects of paravertebral vs epidural blockade for thoracotomy--a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of observational studies of ileorectal versus ileal pouch-anal anastomosis for familial adenomatous polyposis.
Chemotherapy versus support cancer treatment in advanced gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Is the association between cigarette smoking and breast cancer modified by genotype? A review of epidemiologic studies and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of adjuvant immunochemotherapy with polysaccharide K for patients with curatively resected colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of centrally randomized controlled clinical trials.
Efficacy, speed of action and tolerability of almotriptan in the acute treatment  of migraine: pooled individual patient data from four randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Pharmacogenomic effect of cytochrome P450 2C9 polymorphisms in different populations.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene and susceptibility to breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Postoperative rehabilitation protocols for Achilles tendon ruptures: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of the safety of electrosurgery for tonsillectomy.
Antifungal prophylaxis with azoles in high-risk, surgical intensive care unit patients: a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Self-monitoring of glucose in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a Bayesian meta-analysis  of direct and indirect comparisons.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between alcohol consumption and coronary heart  disease and mortality in type 2 diabetic patients.
Laparoscopic vs. open surgery for diverticular disease: a meta-analysis of nonrandomized studies.
Net benefits of resistance testing directed therapy compared with standard of care in HIV-infected patients with virological failure: A meta-analysis.
Seroprevalence of IgG antibodies to SARS-coronavirus in asymptomatic or subclinical population groups.
Review in depth and meta-analysis of controlled trials on colorectal cancer screening by faecal occult blood test.
Genetic association between COPD and polymorphisms in TNF, ADRB2 and EPHX1.
[Scientific evidence in occupational medicine: meta-analysis of the data regarding the effects of working with video terminals on the psycho-physical well-being].
Association of 6-thioguanine nucleotide levels and inflammatory bowel disease activity: a meta-analysis.
Capsule endoscopy: a meta-analysis for use with obscure gastrointestinal bleeding and Crohn's disease.
Negative association between the chemokine receptor CCR5-Delta32 polymorphism and rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis.
18F-fluoro-deoxyglucose positron emission tomography for post-treatment evaluation of malignant lymphoma: a systematic review.
Does clopidogrel affect outcome after coronary artery bypass grafting? A meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori infection and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Effect of early and late GB virus C viraemia on survival of HIV-infected individuals: a meta-analysis.
Examining the impact of cell phone conversations on driving using meta-analytic techniques.
Further clarification of the contribution of the tryptophan hydroxylase (TPH) gene to suicidal behavior using systematic allelic and genotypic meta-analyses.
HLA-DRB1 alleles and cervical squamous cell carcinoma: experimental study and meta-analysis.
Associations of allelic variants of the multidrug resistance gene (ABCB1 or MDR1) and inflammatory bowel disease and their effects on disease behavior: a case-control and meta-analysis study.
A meta-analysis of gender, smoking cessation, and hypnosis:a brief communication.
Are short femoral nails superior to the sliding hip screw? A meta-analysis of 24  studies involving 3,279 fractures.
The role of aminoglycosides in combination with a beta-lactam for the treatment of bacterial endocarditis: a meta-analysis of comparative trials.
Antifungal agents for preventing fungal infections in non-neutropenic critically  ill and surgical patients: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Is serological testing a reliable tool in laboratory diagnosis of syphilis? Meta-analysis of eight external quality control surveys performed by the german infection serology proficiency testing program.
How high should total pain-relief score be to obviate the need for analgesic remedication in acute pain? Estimation using signal detection theory and individual-patient meta-analysis.
Atypical antipsychotics in the treatment of mania: a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Do black and white youths differ in levels of psychopathic traits? A meta-analysis of the psychopathy checklist measures.
Does expressive writing reduce health care utilization? A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Metronidazole in the treatment of rosacea: do formulation, dosing, and concentration matter?
Brief report: Coronary heart disease events associated with hormone therapy in younger and older women. A meta-analysis.
Chromosome 4q25, microsomal transfer protein gene, and human longevity: novel data and a meta-analysis of association studies.
Lactose intolerance symptoms assessed by meta-analysis: a grain of truth that leads to exaggeration.
Spinal cord stimulation for critical leg ischemia: a review of effectiveness and  optimal patient selection.
Spinal cord stimulation in complex regional pain syndrome and refractory neuropathic back and leg pain/failed back surgery syndrome: results of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reanalysis of the Grønnerød (2003) Rorschach temporal stability meta-analysis data set.
Effects of music and music therapy on medical patients: a meta-analysis of the research and implications for the future.
The impact of augmentative and alternative communication intervention on the speech production of individuals with developmental disabilities: a research review.
Poor outcomes after fibrinolytic therapy for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: impact of age (a meta-analysis of a decade of trials).
Meta-analysis of the complications of laparoscopic renal surgery: comparison of procedures and techniques.
Left ventricular function immediately following prolonged exercise: A meta-analysis.
The thermolabile variant of MTHFR is associated with depression in the British Women's Heart and Health Study and a meta-analysis.
Effect of therapeutic exercise on gait speed in community-dwelling elderly people: a meta-analysis.
Five glutathione s-transferase gene variants in 23,452 cases of lung cancer and 30,397 controls: meta-analysis of 130 studies.
A meta-analysis of prehospital care times for trauma.
A meta-analysis of the association of the HOPA12bp polymorphism and schizophrenia.
A meta-analysis of negative symptoms in dual diagnosis schizophrenia.
Brain reserve and dementia: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of sperm DNA fragmentation using the sperm chromatin structure assay.
Smoking is associated with schizophrenia, but not with mood disorders, within a population with low smoking rates: a matched case-control study in Bucaramanga, Colombia.
Male circumcision and risk of syphilis, chancroid, and genital herpes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the performance characteristics of the free prostate-specific  antigen test.
N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2) gene polymorphisms in Parkinson's disease.
Female smokers beyond the perimenopausal period are at increased risk of chronic  obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of survival in African American and white American patients with breast cancer: ethnicity compared with socioeconomic status.
The impact of penicillin resistance on short-term mortality in hospitalized adults with pneumococcal pneumonia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Timing of concurrent radiotherapy and chemotherapy in limited-disease small-cell  lung cancer: "Meta-analysis of meta-analyses".
Sex differences of endogenous sex hormones and risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Methodological quality of systematic reviews of animal studies: a survey of reviews of basic research.
Effectiveness of hip protectors for preventing hip fractures in elderly people: systematic review.
Failure to find an association between CD14-159C/T polymorphism and asthma: a family-based association test and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effect of thiazolidinediones on serum C-reactive protein levels.
Comparison between nebulized adrenaline and beta2 agonists for the treatment of acute asthma. A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Levofloxacin-based triple therapy versus bismuth-based quadruple therapy for persistent Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy and adverse effects of atypical antipsychotics for dementia: meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide scans for blood pressure in African American and Nigerian samples. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute GeneLink Project.
Smoking increases the treatment failure for Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Exercise and bone mineral density at the femoral neck in postmenopausal women: a  meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials with individual patient data.
Anterior cruciate ligament injuries in female athletes: Part 2, a meta-analysis of neuromuscular interventions aimed at injury prevention.
Assessment of early tracheostomy in trauma patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Avoiding transfusions in children undergoing cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of  randomized trials of aprotinin.
The natural history of occult choroidal neovascularisation associated with age-related macular degeneration. A systematic review.
Investigating the genetic determinants of cardiovascular disease using candidate  genes and meta-analysis of association studies.
Infectious mononucleosis and risk for multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Concomitant radio-chemotherapy based on platin compounds in patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): a meta-analysis of individual data from 1764 patients.
Laparoscopic versus open surgery for rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Iodine-123 metaiodobenzylguanidine scintigraphy in localising phaeochromocytomas--experience and meta-analysis.
Suicidality in pediatric patients treated with antidepressant drugs.
Nasogastric intubation after abdominal surgery: a meta-analysis of recent literature.
Evidence for a gene influencing heart rate on chromosome 5p13-14 in a meta-analysis of genome-wide scans from the NHLBI Family Blood Pressure Program.
In meta-analysis itraconazole is superior to fluconazole for prophylaxis of systemic fungal infection in the treatment of haematological malignancy.
Meta-analysis of early excision of burns.
A meta-analysis of noninvasive weaning to facilitate liberation from mechanical ventilation.
Intrapleural fibrinolytic agents for empyema and complicated parapneumonic effusions: a meta-analysis.
Exercise therapy for nonspecific low-back pain: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of safety and effectiveness of perioperative beta-blocker use for the prevention of cardiac events in different types of noncardiac surgery.
Fibrates in the prevention of cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of the Gly482Ser variant in PPARGC1A in type 2 diabetes and related phenotypes.
Antipsychotics in early onset Schizophrenia: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aspirin plus warfarin compared to aspirin alone after acute coronary syndromes: an updated and comprehensive meta-analysis of 25,307 patients.
Comparison of Carpentier-Edwards pericardial and supraannular bioprostheses in aortic valve replacement.
A meta-analysis of the placebo response in acute migraine and how this response may be influenced by some of the characteristics of clinical trials.
Meta-analysis of TNF-alpha promoter -308 A/G polymorphism and SLE susceptibility.
A review and meta-analysis of prospective trials comparing different catheters used for embryo transfer.
How valid is single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) diagnosis for the individual risk assessment of breast cancer?
Meta-analysis of glutathione S-transferase M1 genotype and risk toward head and neck cancer.
Increased morbidity and mortality in acute human organophosphate-poisoned patients treated by oximes: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Towards compendia of negative genetic association studies: an example for Alzheimer disease.
GnRH agonist for triggering final oocyte maturation in the GnRH antagonist ovarian hyperstimulation protocol: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Environmental tobacco smoke and coronary heart disease mortality in the United States--a meta-analysis and critique.
The safety and efficacy of stapled hemorrhoidectomy in the treatment of hemorrhoids: a systematic review and meta-analysis of ten randomized control trials.
Amifostine reduces side effects and improves complete response rate during radiotherapy: results of a meta-analysis.
Sexual risk reduction interventions do not inadvertently increase the overall frequency of sexual behavior: a meta-analysis of 174 studies with 116,735 participants.
Explaining variability in mycophenolic acid exposure to optimize mycophenolate mofetil dosing: a population pharmacokinetic meta-analysis of mycophenolic acid in renal transplant recipients.
A meta-analysis of the antecedents and consequences of pay level satisfaction.
Efficacy of the ketogenic diet as a treatment option for epilepsy: meta-analysis.
The effect of neuraxial blocks on surgical blood loss and blood transfusion requirements: a meta-analysis.
Time between the first day of chemotherapy and the last day of chest radiation is the most important predictor of survival in limited-disease small-cell lung cancer.
Combined use of electroconvulsive therapy and antipsychotics in schizophrenia: the Indian evidence. A review and a meta-analysis.
Mortality prediction with a single general self-rated health question. A meta-analysis.
A systematic review of intentional delivery in women with preterm prelabor rupture of membranes.
Efficacy of antidepressants in child and adolescent depression: a meta-analytic study.
Efficacy of escitalopram in the treatment of major depressive disorder compared with conventional selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and venlafaxine XR: a meta-analysis.
Risk of cardiovascular events and celecoxib: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of popliteal-to-distal vein bypass grafts for critical ischemia.
Insulin therapy and in-hospital mortality in critically ill patients: systematic  review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of inhaled nitric oxide in premature infants: an update.
The role of BCG in prevention of leprosy: a meta-analysis.
Should chemotherapy combinations for advanced non-small cell lung cancer be platinum-based? A meta-analysis of phase III randomized trials.
Postmenopausal status and early menopause as independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase T1 status and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis of the literature.
Fever of unknown origin, infection of subcutaneous devices, brain abscesses and endocarditis.
Endoscopic resection of sinonasal inverted papilloma: a meta-analysis.
Does changing behavioral intentions engender behavior change? A meta-analysis of  the experimental evidence.
Conceptualizing the Influence of Social Agents of Behavior Change: A Meta-Analysis of the Effectiveness of HIV-Prevention Interventionists for Different Groups.
[A meta-analysis on the effect of cyclophosphamide in treatment of nephrotic syndrome in children].
Treatment of excessive anticoagulation with phytonadione (vitamin K): a meta-analysis.
Seven haemostatic gene polymorphisms in coronary disease: meta-analysis of 66,155 cases and 91,307 controls.
Efficacy and safety of exogenous melatonin for secondary sleep disorders and sleep disorders accompanying sleep restriction: meta-analysis.
Comparison of primary and facilitated percutaneous coronary interventions for ST-elevation myocardial infarction: quantitative review of randomised trials.
Association study of serotonin 2A receptor (5-HT2A) gene with schizophrenia and suicidal behavior using systematic meta-analysis.
Impact of violations and deviations in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium on postulated gene-disease associations.
Brain morphology in first-episode schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of quantitative  magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Effects of low-carbohydrate vs low-fat diets on weight loss and cardiovascular risk factors: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of hepatitis B immunisation in newborn infants of mothers positive for hepatitis B surface antigen: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Obstetric outcomes after conservative treatment for intraepithelial or early invasive cervical lesions: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Self-monitoring of oral anticoagulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of voucher-based reinforcement therapy for substance use disorders.
Population meta-analysis of low plasma glucose thresholds in full-term normal newborns.
Impact of omalizumab on quality-of-life outcomes in patients with moderate-to-severe allergic asthma.
Quality-of-life impact of non-neoplastic voice disorders: a meta-analysis.
Apolipoprotein E and dementia in Parkinson disease: a meta-analysis.
The effect of acute aerobic exercise on stress related blood pressure responses:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analytic review of event-related potential studies in post-traumatic stress  disorder.
The human parietal operculum. II. Stereotaxic maps and correlation with functional imaging results.
Behavioral deficits and cortical damage loci in cerebral achromatopsia.
A meta-analysis of the neuropsychological effects of adjuvant chemotherapy treatment in women treated for breast cancer.
A meta-analysis of the neuropsychological effects of occupational exposure to mercury.
A meta-analysis of the neuropsychological effects of occupational exposure to manganese.
Memory impairment following right hemisphere stroke: a comparative meta-analytic  and narrative review.
Meta-analysis of the MMPI-2 fake bad scale: utility in forensic practice.
Statistical power of studies examining the cognitive effects of subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Minimal preparation CT for the diagnosis of suspected colorectal cancer in the frail and elderly patient.
The use of aerobic exercise training in improving aerobic capacity in individuals with stroke: a meta-analysis.
Echinacea in the prevention of induced rhinovirus colds: a meta-analysis.
Performance of antibodies against tissue transglutaminase for the diagnosis of celiac disease: meta-analysis.
A comparison of segmental vs subtotal/total colectomy for colonic Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis.
Systemic contact dermatitis after oral exposure to nickel: a review with a modified meta-analysis.
Effect of oral decontamination with chlorhexidine on the incidence of nosocomial  pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
The effect of carvedilol on mortality risk in heart failure patients with diabetes: results of a meta-analysis.
Endovascular stent-graft placement in aortic dissection: a meta-analysis.
Coronary risk prediction for those with and without diabetes.
Adverse effects of antifungal therapies in invasive fungal infections: review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of Haemophilus influenzae type b vaccination of children: a meta-analysis.
Antidepressants use in children and adolescents and the risk of suicide.
[Efficacy and safety of Padma 28 in peripheral arterial occlusive disease].
Effect of alpha linolenic acid on cardiovascular risk markers: a systematic review.
Do alcohol-metabolizing enzyme gene polymorphisms increase the risk of alcoholism and alcoholic liver disease?
Phytosterols/stanols lower cholesterol concentrations in familial hypercholesterolemic subjects: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Empirical antibiotic monotherapy for febrile neutropenia: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cognitive behavioral therapy techniques for distress and pain in breast cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Anti-hip fracture efficacy of biophosphonates: a Bayesian analysis of clinical trials.
A cumulative meta-analysis of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in pediatric depression: did unpublished studies influence the efficacy/safety debate?
Suicidal adverse events in pediatric randomized, controlled clinical trials of antidepressant drugs are associated with active drug treatment: a meta-analysis.
Measures of familial aggregation depend on definition of family history: meta-analysis for colorectal cancer.
A meta-analysis of early sustained response rates between antidepressants and placebo for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
[Episiotomy and prevention of perineal and pelvic floor injuries].
Lifestyle interventions to reduce raised blood pressure: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Effective weight loss for overweight children: a meta-analysis of intervention studies.
A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing outcome of severely injured patients treated in trauma centers following the establishment of trauma systems.
Endoscopic therapy for vesicoureteral reflux: a meta-analysis. I. Reflux resolution and urinary tract infection.
The natural history of observed enhancing renal masses: meta-analysis and review  of the world literature.
Barriers to participation in clinical trials of cancer: a meta-analysis and systematic review of patient-reported factors.
Homocysteine, methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase and risk of schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
A functional continuum of regulatory anxiety-enhancing peptides. The search for complexes providing the optimal basis for developing inhibitory therapeutic agents.
Parental craniofacial morphology in cleft lip with or without cleft palate as determined by cephalometry: a meta-analysis.
Anti-vertebral fracture efficacy of raloxifene: a meta-analysis.
Reduced risk of back pain following teriparatide treatment: a meta-analysis.
Steroids for post-tonsillectomy pain reduction: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Outcome of isolated antenatal hydronephrosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Botulinum toxin type A for the treatment of the spastic equinus foot in cerebral  palsy.
Association between bone density and fractures in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of labor supply effects of interventions for major depressive disorder.
Interventions in primary care to reduce medication related adverse events and hospital admissions: systematic review and meta-analysis.
HMG versus rFSH for ovulation induction in developing countries: a cost-effectiveness analysis based on the results of a recent meta-analysis.
Genome scan meta-analysis of rheumatoid arthritis.
Update of a meta-analysis on lung cancer and welding.
Sex differences in completed suicide by schizophrenic patients: a meta-analysis.
Parathyroidectomy in secondary hyperparathyroidism: Is there an optimal operative management?
Survival impact of epidermal growth factor receptor overexpression in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Risk factors for multidrug resistant tuberculosis in Europe: a systematic review.
Validation of the German prostate-specific module.
A meta-analysis of hyperfractionated and accelerated radiotherapy and combined chemotherapy and radiotherapy regimens in unresected locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.
Memory tests in first-degree adult relatives of schizophrenic patients: a meta-analysis.
Treatment of depression with atypical features: a meta-analytic approach.
Compliance with QUOROM and quality of reporting of overlapping meta-analyses on the role of acetylcysteine in the prevention of contrast associated nephropathy:  case study.
Fruit and vegetable consumption and stroke: meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Antivirals for influenza in healthy adults: systematic review.
Single- versus two- layer intestinal anastomosis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Pelvic floor muscle training versus no treatment, or inactive control treatments, for urinary incontinence in women.
Intraperitoneal chemotherapy for the initial management of primary epithelial ovarian cancer.
One dose per day compared to multiple doses per day of gentamicin for treatment of suspected or proven sepsis in neonates.
Perioperative blood transfusions for the recurrence of colorectal cancer.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for preventing meningitis in patients with basilar skull fractures.
Vaccines for preventing influenza in healthy children.
Long-term pituitary down-regulation before in vitro fertilization (IVF) for women with endometriosis.
Antidepressants for anorexia nervosa.
Interventions for promoting booster seat use in four to eight year olds traveling in motor vehicles.
Strategies to improve adherence and acceptability of hormonal methods for contraception.
Surgery versus primary endocrine therapy for operable primary breast cancer in elderly women (70 years plus).
Palliative biliary stents for obstructing pancreatic carcinoma.
Higher versus lower protein intake in formula-fed low birth weight infants.
Single, double or multiple injection techniques for axillary brachial plexus block for hand, wrist or forearm surgery.
Effects of interventions aimed at changing the length of primary care physicians' consultation.
The effectiveness of atypical antipsychotics for the treatment of aggression and  psychosis in Alzheimer's disease.
Horse chestnut seed extract for chronic venous insufficiency.
Proton pump inhibitor treatment for acute peptic ulcer bleeding.
Intravenous immunoglobulin for Guillain-Barré syndrome.
Assisted hatching on assisted conception (IVF & ICSI).
Duration of treatment with vitamin K antagonists in symptomatic venous thromboembolism.
Acupuncture and related interventions for smoking cessation.
Astragalus-based Chinese herbs and platinum-based chemotherapy for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Aspirin for the primary prevention of cardiovascular events in women and men: a sex-specific meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of inactivated hepatitis A vaccine in HIV-infected patients: a hierarchical bayesian meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: Smectite in the treatment of acute infectious diarrhoea in children.
Milk, milk products and lactose intake and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Excess risk of fatal coronary heart disease associated with diabetes in men and women: meta-analysis of 37 prospective cohort studies.
A systematic review of neurotransmitter deficits and treatments in frontotemporal dementia.
Women exposed to intimate partner violence: expectations and experiences when they encounter health care professionals: a meta-analysis of qualitative studies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials of gastro-oesophageal reflux interventions for chronic cough associated with gastro-oesophageal reflux.
Statins and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: protein and energy supplementation in older people.
Herpes simplex virus 2 infection increases HIV acquisition in men and women: systematic review and meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
A qualitative systematic review of peri-operative dextromethorphan in post-operative pain.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: levofloxacin-based rescue regimens after Helicobacter pylori treatment failure.
N-acetylcysteine and contrast-induced nephropathy: a meta-analysis of 13 randomized trials.
The effects of oral anticoagulants in patients with peripheral arterial disease:  rationale, design, and baseline characteristics of the Warfarin and Antiplatelet  Vascular Evaluation (WAVE) trial, including a meta-analysis of trials.
Fiber for the treatment of hemorrhoids complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An updated meta-analysis of genome scans for hypertension and blood pressure in the NHLBI Family Blood Pressure Program (FBPP).
Association of angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism and IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of ginger for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting: a meta-analysis.
The effect of three alternative keyboard designs on forearm pronation, wrist extension, and ulnar deviation: a meta-analysis.
The potential impact of palivizumab on pediatric airway reconstruction.
Does continuous peripheral nerve block provide superior pain control to opioids?  A meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic comparison of preoperative stress echocardiography and nuclear scintigraphy imaging.
Micronized diosmin (Detralex) for vein-related trophic ulcers: European experience.
Sex differences in the association between birth weight and total cholesterol. A  meta-analysis.
[Hospital at home: assessment of early discharge in terms of patients mortality and satisfaction].
Laparoscopic versus open appendectomy in children: a meta-analysis.
Reinterpreting comorbidity: a model-based approach to understanding and classifying psychopathology.
Epoetin beta (NeoRecormon) therapy in patients with solid tumours receiving platinum and non-platinum chemotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Effect of breast feeding on risk of coeliac disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Systematic review of prevalence studies of autism spectrum disorders.
Systematic review of the optimal fluid for dilutional exchange transfusion in neonatal polycythaemia.
The association between host susceptibility factors and uveal melanoma: a meta-analysis.
Complications in head and neck surgery: a meta-analysis of postlaryngectomy pharyngocutaneous fistula.
Interleukin 6 -174 g/c promoter polymorphism and risk of coronary heart disease:  results from the rotterdam study and a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials and cohort studies of mycophenolate mofetil in lupus nephritis.
Risk of acute myocardial infarction with nonselective non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs: a meta-analysis.
Accuracy of anti-ribosomal P protein antibody testing for the diagnosis of neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus: an international meta-analysis.
Structured triglyceride for parenteral nutrition: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Aerobic exercise and HDL2-C: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Strengthening interventions increase strength and improve activity after stroke:  a systematic review.
Cognitive behavioural therapy for depression, panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder: a meta-regression of factors that may predict outcome.
A meta-analysis of psychological and pharmacological treatments for Body Dysmorphic Disorder.
Hormone therapy and cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessing the diagnostic test accuracy of natriuretic peptides and ECG in the diagnosis of left ventricular systolic dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Personality disorder and the outcome of depression: meta-analysis of published studies.
Meta-analysis of colonic reservoirs versus straight coloanal anastomosis after anterior resection.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effectiveness of antibiotic prophylaxis in prevention of wound infection after mesh repair of abdominal wall  hernia.
Reproductive factors and breast cancer risk according to joint estrogen and progesterone receptor status: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
NSAID-analgesia, pain control and morbidity in cardiothoracic surgery.
Impact of implantable defibrillators and resynchronization therapy on outcome in  patients with left ventricular dysfunction--a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of inoperable pancreatic cancer: gemcitabine combined with cisplatin versus gemcitabine alone.
Meta-analysis of the p53 mutation database for mutant p53 biological activity reveals a methodologic bias in mutation detection.
Meta-analysis of the differences in the time to onset of action between rocuronium and vecuronium.
A meta-analysis of parent training: moderators and follow-up effects.
Meta-analysis of therapeutic relationship variables in youth and family therapy:  the evidence for different relationship variables in the child and adolescent treatment outcome literature.
Statin-related adverse events: a meta-analysis.
Do antidepressants cause suicidality in children? A Bayesian meta-analysis.
Administration of antibiotics via the respiratory tract for the prevention of ICU-acquired pneumonia: a meta-analysis of comparative trials.
Kinetic bed therapy to prevent nosocomial pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of non-invasive ventilation in the treatment of acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema--a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Percutaneous dilatational tracheostomy versus surgical tracheostomy in critically ill patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of continuous and bi-level positive airway pressure non-invasive ventilation in patients with acute cardiogenic pulmonary oedema: a meta-analysis.
Exogenous pulmonary surfactant for the treatment of adult patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome: results of a meta-analysis.
The efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids on cognitive function in aging and dementia:  a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of 5% imiquimod and 0.5% podophyllotoxin in the treatment of condylomata acuminata.
A meta-analysis: comparison of esomeprazole and other proton pump inhibitors in eradicating Helicobacter pylori.
BsmI, TaqI, ApaI and FokI polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene and  the risk of osteoporosis: a meta-analysis.
Relative and absolute risk of colorectal cancer for individuals with a family history: a meta-analysis.
Mortality and myocardial infarction following surgical versus percutaneous revascularization of isolated left anterior descending artery disease: a meta-analysis.
The size of mediastinal lymph nodes and its relation with metastatic involvement: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of genotypes and haplotypes of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphisms in acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition on functional class in patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction--a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of drop-out rates in randomised clinical trials, comparing typical  and atypical antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia.
Psychological impact of genetic counseling for familial cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[The effectiveness of psychosocial treatment approaches for alcohol dependence--a review].
The order of genetic events associated with colorectal cancer progression inferred from meta-analysis of copy number changes.
Association of endometriosis risk and genetic polymorphisms involving sex steroid biosynthesis and their receptors: a meta-analysis.
Spontaneous remission of primary hyperparathyroidism: a case report and meta-analysis of the literature.
Comparative meta-analysis of behavioral interventions for insomnia and their efficacy in middle-aged adults and in older adults 55+ years of age.
A meta-analysis of outcomes of conventional IVF in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
A meta-analysis on the efficacy of oral theophylline in patients with stable COPD.
Misoprostol in preventing postpartum hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of cleft maxillary osteotomy and distraction osteogenesis.
Effects of pacifiers on early oral development.
Psychosocial interventions for depression, anxiety, and quality of life in cancer survivors: meta-analyses.
Do extremely low frequency magnetic fields enhance the effects of environmental carcinogens? A meta-analysis of experimental studies.
Chemotherapy in locally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma: an individual patient  data meta-analysis of eight randomized trials and 1753 patients.
SLC11A1 (formerly NRAMP1) gene polymorphisms and tuberculosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of immediate changes with rapid maxillary expansion treatment.
Can dissenting findings regarding the comparative effectiveness of ICSI and IVF be explained by a learning curve?
Is intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG) efficacious in early pregnancy failure? A critical review and meta-analysis for patients who fail in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer (IVF).
Predictors of parent training efficacy for child externalizing behavior problems--a meta-analytic review.
A meta-analysis of the effect of thiazolidinediones on blood pressure.
Reference distributions for apolipoproteins AI and B and B/AI ratios: comparison  of a large cohort to the world's literature.
A review of the effects of stannous fluoride on gingivitis.
The impact of suppressing the renin-angiotensin system on atrial fibrillation.
Meta-analysis of the factor structures of four depression questionnaires: Beck, CES-D, Hamilton, and Zung.
Periodontal status of diabetics compared with nondiabetics: a meta-analysis.
The five-factor model of personality and smoking: a meta-analysis.
Revision and meta-analysis of selected biosphere parameter values for chlorine, iodine, neptunium, radium, radon and uranium.
Occupational acrylonitrile exposure and lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Reference values for the timed up and go test: a descriptive meta-analysis.
Gender differences in caregiver stressors, social resources, and health: an updated meta-analysis.
Identification of chromosomal regions linked to premature myocardial infarction:  a meta-analysis of whole-genome searches.
An association between asthma and TNF-308G/A polymorphism: meta-analysis.
Association of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) polymorphisms with genetic susceptibility to gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage studies for bone mineral density.
Meta-analysis of large outcome trials of angiotensin receptor blockers in hypertension.
Negatively oriented personality and perceived negative job characteristics as predictors of future psychological and physical symptoms: a meta-analytic structural modelling approach.
Cancer incidence among female flight attendants: a meta-analysis of published data.
[Aspirin in primary prevention of cardiovascular events in women and men (a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials)].
Diagnostic precision of nanoparticle-enhanced MRI for lymph-node metastases: a meta-analysis.
Role of prophylactic antibiotic administration in severe acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Compound salvia pellet, a traditional Chinese medicine, for the treatment of chronic stable angina pectoris compared with nitrates: a meta-analysis.
A heterogeneity-based genome search meta-analysis for autism-spectrum disorders.
Children's exposure to environmental pollutants and biomarkers of genetic damage. II. Results of a comprehensive literature search and meta-analysis.
Education and dementia: a meta-analytic study.
The functional neuroanatomy of autobiographical memory: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of structural brain abnormalities in PTSD.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of methods of diagnostic assessment for urinary incontinence.
[Systematic review of fall-related factors among the house-dwelling elderly in Japan].
The effect of lactose maldigestion on the relationship between dairy food intake  and colorectal cancer: a systematic review.
Patients previously transfused or treated with epoetin alfa at low baseline hemoglobin are at higher risk for subsequent transfusion: an integrated analysis  of the Canadian experience.
Reduction in the risk of developing back pain persists at least 30 months after discontinuation of teriparatide treatment: a meta-analysis.
High-intensity resistance training and postmenopausal bone loss: a meta-analysis.
Endoscopically directed middle meatal cultures versus maxillary sinus taps in acute bacterial maxillary rhinosinusitis: a meta-analysis.
Obesity is a definitive risk factor of severity and mortality in acute pancreatitis: an updated meta-analysis.
Comparative genomic hybridization pattern of non-anaplastic and anaplastic oligodendrogliomas--a meta-analysis.
Intergroup threat and outgroup attitudes: a meta-analytic review.
Comparative safety and efficacy of urokinase and recombinant tissue plasminogen activator for peripheral arterial occlusion: a meta-analysis.
Performance of tPSA and f/tPSA for prostate cancer in Chinese. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of psychotherapy for depression in children and adolescents: a meta-analysis.
Gender differences in temperament: a meta-analysis.
Patterns of mean-level change in personality traits across the life course: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Case management to improve major depression in primary health care: a systematic  review.
Markers of disease severity in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism is correlated to the progression  of disease in patients with IgA nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
The need for randomised treatment studies in neglect research.
Mild external ear malformations and renal tract abnormalities: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of vesicoureteral reflux and urinary tract infection in children.
Sex differences in insomnia: a meta-analysis.
Recruiting subjects for acute stroke trials: a meta-analysis.
Beyond needle sharing: meta-analyses of social context risk behaviors of injection drug users attending needle exchange programs.
Price responsiveness of demand for cigarettes: does rationality matter?
Risk of rupture in unruptured anterior communicating artery aneurysms: meta-analysis of natural history studies.
[The degree of coronary artery calcinosis as a prognostic factor of asymptomatic  cardiovascular complications: results of meta-analysis].
Stroke prevention with aspirin, warfarin and ximelagatran in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The use of the coefficient of variation in detecting sincerity of effort: a meta-analysis.
[Effects of routine early amniotomy on labor and health status of foetus and neonate: a meta-analysis].
[Study on Meta analysis regarding the acceptability of medical abortion compared  with surgical abortion].
[Systematic review of directly observed therapy on tuberculosis control in China].
Meta-analysis of heterogeneously reported trials assessing change from baseline.
Bayesian implementation of a genetic model-free approach to the meta-analysis of  genetic association studies.
Noninvasive ventilation in acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: the efficacy of strategies to prevent organ disease by cytomegalovirus in solid organ transplant recipients.
Unfractionated and low-molecular-weight heparin as adjuncts to thrombolysis in aspirin-treated patients with ST-elevation acute myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of the randomized trials.
Diffusion tensor imaging in schizophrenia.
On the scent of human olfactory orbitofrontal cortex: meta-analysis and comparison to non-human primates.
The impact of fluor-18-deoxyglucose-positron emission tomography in the management of colorectal liver metastases.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide linkage studies for quantitative lipid traits in African Americans.
The neuropsychology of borderline personality disorder: a meta-analysis and review.
Human leukocyte antigen class II DQB1*0301, DRB1*1101 alleles and spontaneous clearance of hepatitis C virus infection: a meta-analysis.
Effect of inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin system and other antihypertensive drugs on renal outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of clinical pallor in the diagnosis of anaemia in children: a meta-analysis.
Prospective studies of dairy product and calcium intakes and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Immediate angioplasty after thrombolysis: a systematic review.
HIV intervention research for men who have sex with men: a 7-year update.
Efficacy of antidepressant medication among HIV-positive individuals with depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the sex ratio for Barrett's esophagus, erosive reflux disease, and nonerosive reflux disease.
Increased risk of intestinal cancer in Crohn's disease: a meta-analysis of population-based cohort studies.
Regional deficits in brain volume in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
HBsAg seropositive status and survival after renal transplantation: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Functional clusters in the human parietal cortex as revealed by an observer-independent meta-analysis of functional activation studies.
Systemic administration of local anesthetics to relieve neuropathic pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of regional versus general anesthesia for ambulatory anesthesia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Vitamin C and vitamin E for Alzheimer's disease.
History of limited resection for non-small cell lung cancer.
Impact of intravenous magnesium on post-cardiothoracic surgery atrial fibrillation and length of hospital stay: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing off-pump with on-pump coronary artery bypass graft patency.
Dropout rates in placebo-controlled and active-control clinical trials of antipsychotic drugs: a meta-analysis.
The mannose-binding lectin gene polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus: two case-control studies and a meta-analysis.
Review and meta-analysis of the phenomenology and clinical characteristics of mania in children and adolescents.
Topical antibiotics for acute bacterial conjunctivitis: Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis update.
Episodic memory-related activation in schizophrenia: meta-analysis.
The morphology of bi-directional experience-dependent cortical plasticity: a meta-analysis.
Neuroimaging studies of practice-related change: fMRI and meta-analytic evidence  of a domain-general control network for learning.
Could cortisol explain the association between birth weight and cardiovascular disease in later life? A meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of comprehensive disease management programmes in improving clinical outcomes in heart failure patients. A meta-analysis.
Re: Roddam AW, Duffy MJ, Hamdy FC, et al. Use of prostate-specific antigen (PSA)  isoforms for the detection of prostate cancer in men with a PSA Level of 2-10 ng/ml: systematic review and meta-analysis. Eur Urol 2005;48:386-99.
The relation between insulin-like growth factor I levels and cognition in healthy elderly: a meta-analysis.
Discrepancies between clinical and autopsy diagnosis and the value of post mortem histology; a meta-analysis and review.
Systemic lupus erythematosus susceptibility loci defined by genome scan meta-analysis.
Perioperative intranasal mupirocin for the prevention of surgical-site infections: systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
[Treatment of acute bacterial tonsillopharyngitis in pediatrics: a meta-analysis].
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of ebastine 20 mg compared to loratadine 10 mg and  placebo in the symptomatic treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Malpractice in invasive cardiology: is angiography of abdominal aorta or subclavian artery appropriate in patients undergoing coronary angiography? A meta analysis.
Post-Lyme borreliosis syndrome: a meta-analysis of reported symptoms.
Kappa-opioid system in uremic pruritus: multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical studies.
Effects of preemptive epidural analgesia on post-thoracotomy pain.
Use of statins and breast cancer: a meta-analysis of seven randomized clinical trials and nine observational studies.
The characteristics of persistent sexual offenders: a meta-analysis of recidivism studies.
Does psychopathy predict institutional misconduct among adults? A meta-analytic investigation.
Does periodontal treatment improve glycemic control in diabetic patients? A meta-analysis of intervention studies.
The efficacy and safety of exogenous melatonin for primary sleep disorders. A meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt versus paracentesis for refractory ascites.
Angiotensin II receptor blockers and myocardial infarction: deeds and misdeeds.
Drug-eluting stents for interventional revascularization of coronary multivessel  disease.
Non-invasive brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Is suction drainage an effective means of preventing hematoma in thyroid surgery? A meta-analysis.
Childhood sleep-disordered breathing and its implications for cardiac and vascular diseases.
Children's drawings as facilitators of communication: a meta-analysis.
Heat loss prevention: a systematic review of occlusive skin wrap for premature neonates.
Changes in liver volume from birth to adulthood: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis on the G-308A tumor necrosis factor alpha gene variant and phenotypes associated with the metabolic syndrome.
Do hip protectors decrease the risk of hip fracture in institutional and community-dwelling elderly? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
CT colonography in the detection of colorectal polyps and cancer: systematic review, meta-analysis, and proposed minimum data set for study level reporting.
Meta-analysis of silicosis and lung cancer.
Antidepressants as add-on treatment to antipsychotics for people with schizophrenia and pronounced negative symptoms: a systematic review of randomized trials.
Multidrug resistance/P-glycoprotein and breast cancer: review and meta-analysis.
Risk factors for subarachnoid hemorrhage: an updated systematic review of epidemiological studies.
Risk of myocardial infarction and vascular death after transient ischemic attack  and ischemic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intermittent pneumatic compression and deep vein thrombosis prevention. A meta-analysis in postoperative patients.
[Systematic review and meta-analysis on the integrative traditional Chinese and Western medicine in treating SARS].
A meta-analysis of two randomised trials of early chemotherapy in asymptomatic metastatic colorectal cancer.
Use of total lymphocyte count for informing when to start antiretroviral therapy  in HIV-infected children: a meta-analysis of longitudinal data.
Increased risk of cardiovascular events with parecoxib/valdecoxib: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Event-related EEG and evoked potential investigations in clinical practice].
Meta-analysis of soy food and risk of prostate cancer in men.
Sedative hypnotics in older people with insomnia: meta-analysis of risks and benefits.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic value of troponin T and I among asymptomatic patients with end-stage renal disease: a meta-analysis.
The risk of lymphoma development in autoimmune diseases: a meta-analysis.
Adjunctive corticosteroids for Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia in patients with HIV infection: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of MTHFR 677C->T polymorphism and coronary heart disease: does totality of evidence support causal role for homocysteine and preventive potential of folate?
RB1 gene mutation up-date, a meta-analysis based on 932 reported mutations available in a searchable database.
Peri-operative ketamine for acute post-operative pain: a quantitative and qualitative systematic review (Cochrane review).
Epilepsy, osteoporosis and fracture risk - a meta-analysis.
Crystalloid or colloid for partial exchange transfusion in neonatal polycythemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the yield of capsule endoscopy compared to other diagnostic modalities in patients with obscure gastrointestinal bleeding.
Three-day vs longer duration of antibiotic treatment for cystitis in women: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does neostigmine administration produce a clinically important increase in postoperative nausea and vomiting?
Efficacy of postoperative patient-controlled and continuous infusion epidural analgesia versus intravenous patient-controlled analgesia with opioids: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: secondary prevention programs for patients with coronary artery disease.
Duloxetine and venlafaxine-XR in the treatment of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Second surgery and the prognosis of choroid plexus carcinoma--results of a meta-analysis of individual cases.
Three percent diclofenac in 2.5% hyaluronan gel in the treatment of actinic keratoses: a meta-analysis of the recent studies.
Classical fear conditioning in the anxiety disorders: a meta-analysis.
The outcomes of pregnancy among imprisoned women: a systematic review.
Sex differences in means and variability on the progressive matrices in university students: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of trials comparing ximelagatran with low molecular weight heparin  for prevention of venous thromboembolism after major orthopaedic surgery.
1H-MRS quantification of tNA and tCr in patients with multiple sclerosis: a meta-analytic review.
Intake of selenium in the prevention of prostate cancer: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Influence of alcohol on the progression of hepatitis C virus infection: a meta-analysis.
Propofol versus traditional sedative agents for gastrointestinal endoscopy: a meta-analysis.
Personality and eating disorders: a decade in review.
Pulmonary embolism: impact of right ventricular dysfunction.
Efficacy of lifestyle education to prevent type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Do angiotensin II receptor blockers increase the risk of myocardial infarction?
Does Doppler echography have a diagnostic role in patency assessment of internal  thoracic artery grafts?
Meta-analysis of clinical outcomes of maze-related surgical procedures for medically refractory atrial fibrillation.
Efficacy of thrombolytic agents in the treatment of pulmonary embolism.
Soft versus firm embryo transfer catheters for assisted reproduction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Menopausal hormone therapy and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies and randomized controlled trials.
The effectiveness of self-performed mechanical plaque control with triclosan containing dentifrices.
Prophylaxis of Candida infections in adult trauma and surgical intensive care patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Working memory impairments in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of pharmacotherapy in depressed patients with and without personality disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Linezolid versus vancomycin for Staphylococcus aureus bacteraemia: pooled analysis of randomized studies.
Errors of measurement for blood volume parameters: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the relationship between organizational citizenship behavior and counterproductive work behavior.
The Great Eight competencies: a criterion-centric approach to validation.
The accuracy of diagnostic imaging for the assessment of chronic osteomyelitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of randomised trials of monetary incentives and response to mailed  questionnaires.
Adverse events associated with testosterone replacement in middle-aged and older  men: a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
A meta-analysis of outcomes of external fixation versus plate osteosynthesis for  unstable distal radius fractures.
Acellular dermal matrix for mucogingival surgery: a meta-analysis.
Melatonin in the treatment of cancer: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials and meta-analysis.
Does sex matter in the associations between classic risk factors and fatal coronary heart disease in populations from the Asia-Pacific region?
Postmenopausal hormone therapy and breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of smoking on DNA effects in the comet assay: a meta-analysis.
Dose-reducing H2 receptor antagonists in the presence of low glomerular filtration rate: a systematic review of the evidence.
Measurement of brain metabolites by 1H magnetic resonance spectroscopy in patients with schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Body mass index as a predictor of fracture risk: a meta-analysis.
Do pacifiers reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? A meta-analysis.
Nonverbal behavior and the vertical dimension of social relations: a meta-analysis.
A test of major assumptions about behavior change: a comprehensive look at the effects of passive and active HIV-prevention interventions since the beginning of the epidemic.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy and toxicity of combining disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs in rheumatoid arthritis based on patient withdrawal.
Sleep loss and performance in residents and nonphysicians: a meta-analytic examination.
Accuracy of transbronchial needle aspiration for mediastinal staging of non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Cancer incidence among male military and civil pilots and flight attendants: an analysis on published data.
Meta-analysis of cancer incidence in children born after assisted reproductive technologies.
Should beta blockers remain first choice in the treatment of primary hypertension? A meta-analysis.
Fruit and vegetable consumption and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Effects of adding ribavirin to interferon to treat chronic hepatitis C infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Combination of inhaled long-acting beta2-agonists and inhaled steroids versus higher dose of inhaled steroids in children and adults with persistent asthma.
Wound cleansing for pressure ulcers.
Routine intraoperative ureteric stenting for kidney transplant recipients.
Antibiotics for prolonged moist cough in children.
Retention versus sacrifice of the posterior cruciate ligament in total knee replacement for treatment of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Biomedical risk assessment as an aid for smoking cessation.
Testosterone for peri- and postmenopausal women.
Fluoxetine versus other types of pharmacotherapy for depression.
Antihypertensive agents for preventing diabetic kidney disease.
Chemotherapy for advanced, recurrent or metastatic endometrial carcinoma.
Enamel matrix derivative (Emdogain) for periodontal tissue regeneration in intrabony defects.
Vaginal disinfection for preventing mother-to-child transmission of HIV infection.
Psychological interventions for children with asthma.
Cleavage stage versus blastocyst stage embryo transfer in assisted conception.
Low level laser therapy (Classes I, II and III) for treating rheumatoid arthritis.
Initial management strategies for dyspepsia.
Surgical interruption of pelvic nerve pathways for primary and secondary dysmenorrhoea.
Assisted hatching on assisted conception (IVF & ICSI).
Preoperative radiotherapy for esophageal carcinoma.
Non-nutritive sucking for promoting physiologic stability and nutrition in preterm infants.
Chloroquine or amodiaquine combined with sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine for treating uncomplicated malaria.
Differential effect sizes of growth hormone replacement on Quality of Life, well-being and health status in growth hormone deficient patients: a meta-analysis.
Risk of death with atypical antipsychotic drug treatment for dementia: meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Risk for heparin-induced thrombocytopenia with unfractionated and low-molecular-weight heparin thromboprophylaxis: a meta-analysis.
Plasma fibrinogen level and the risk of major cardiovascular diseases and nonvascular mortality: an individual participant meta-analysis.
Headaches and the treatment of blood pressure: results from a meta-analysis of 94 randomized placebo-controlled trials with 24,000 participants.
Tacrolimus versus ciclosporin as primary immunosuppression for kidney transplant  recipients: meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomised trial data.
Efficacy and safety of cholesterol-lowering treatment: prospective meta-analysis  of data from 90,056 participants in 14 randomised trials of statins.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the risk of major cardiovascular events with etoricoxib therapy.
Breast-feeding and cancer: the Boyd Orr cohort and a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Impact of the pulmonary artery catheter in critically ill patients: meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
In-house nucleic acid amplification tests for the detection of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in sputum specimens: meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Outcome of psychological treatments of pathological gambling: a review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: capsule enteroscopy vs. conventional modalities in diagnosis of small bowel diseases.
Dose-dependent effects of folic acid on blood concentrations of homocysteine: a meta-analysis of the randomized trials.
Lithium in the prevention of suicidal behavior and all-cause mortality in patients with mood disorders: a systematic review of randomized trials.
Relationship between duration of untreated psychosis and outcome in first-episode schizophrenia: a critical review and meta-analysis.
Post-transplant diabetes mellitus and HCV seropositive status after renal transplantation: meta-analysis of clinical studies.
Prevention of succinylcholine-induced fasciculation and myalgia: a meta-analysis  of randomized trials.
Cancer risk in asthmatic populations.
Does elevated plasma fibrinogen increase the risk of coronary heart disease? Evidence from a meta-analysis of genetic association studies.
A meta-analysis of stability after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction as a function of hamstring versus patellar tendon graft and fixation type.
Does the white-coat effect in people of African and South Asian descent differ from that in White people of European origin? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rhythm vs. rate control of atrial fibrillation meta-analysed by number needed to  treat.
Screening for thrombophilia in high-risk situations: a meta-analysis and cost-effectiveness analysis.
Fluconazole versus itraconazole for antifungal prophylaxis in neutropenic patients with haematological malignancies: a meta-analysis of randomised-controlled trials.
The nature and severity of cognitive impairment associated with adjuvant chemotherapy in women with breast cancer: a meta-analysis of the current literature.
Enoxaparin in the treatment of deep vein thrombosis with or without pulmonary embolism: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Effects of testosterone on sexual function in men: results of a meta-analysis.
The clinical laboratory practitioner.
Meta-analysis of the timing of haemorrhage after tonsillectomy: an important factor in determining the safety of performing tonsillectomy as a day case procedure.
Prevention of preeclampsia with low-dose aspirin -- a systematic review and meta-analysis of the main randomized controlled trials.
Search for critical loading condition of the spine--a meta analysis of a nonlinear viscoelastic finite element model.
The use of topical nonabsorbable gastrointestinal antifungal prophylaxis to prevent fungal infections in critically ill immunocompetent patients: a meta-analysis.
The effectiveness of family interventions in people with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Diabetes during diarrhea-associated hemolytic uremic syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A comparison of open vs. laparoscopic abdominal rectopexy for full-thickness rectal prolapse: a meta-analysis.
Prognostic benefit of beta-blockers in patients not receiving ACE-Inhibitors.
Rate-control vs. rhythm-control in patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
A comparison of the associations between risk factors and cardiovascular disease  in Asia and Australasia.
Meta-analysis of four new genome scans for lipid parameters and analysis of positional candidates in positive linkage regions.
The value of contrast and subtraction arthrography in the assessment of aseptic loosening of total hip prostheses: a meta-analysis.
Uncovered transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt for refractory ascites: a meta-analysis.
Alcohol has no effect on hepatitis C virus replication: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the accuracy of diagnostic tests for inguinal lymph node status in vulvar cancer.
Effects of endurance training on blood pressure, blood pressure-regulating mechanisms, and cardiovascular risk factors.
Long-term weight loss after diet and exercise: a systematic review.
Meta-analysis of vitamin D receptor polymorphisms and pulmonary tuberculosis risk.
Treatment of acute achilles tendon ruptures. A meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
The clinical dilemma of using medications in substance-abusing adolescents and adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: what does the literature tell us?
Is the prophylactic antidepressant efficacy of lithium in bipolar I disorder dependent on study design and lithium level?
Evaluation of the effectiveness of imiquimod and 5-fluorouracil for the treatment of actinic keratosis: Critical review and meta-analysis of efficacy studies.
Endovascular therapy of inflammatory aortic aneurysms: a meta-analysis.
The diabetogenic potential of thiazide-type diuretic and beta-blocker combinations in patients with hypertension.
A meta-analysis of medical versus surgical therapy for Candida endocarditis.
Bacteriophage-based assays for the rapid detection of rifampicin resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: a meta-analysis.
Surgical therapy for biliary dyskinesia: a meta-analysis and review of the literature.
Life-threatening orolingual angioedema during thrombolysis in acute ischemic stroke.
Association of the endothelial nitric oxide synthase (NOS3) Glu298Asp gene polymorphism with the risk of Alzheimer's disease-- a meta-analysis.
A four-step approach for developing diagnostic tests in psychiatry: EEG in ADHD as a test case.
Corticosteroids versus intravenous immune globulin for the treatment of acute immune thrombocytopenic purpura in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Ultrasonography in the diagnosis of appendicitis: evaluation by meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferases M1/T1 gene polymorphisms and endometriosis: a meta-analysis of genetic association studies.
Meta-analysis reveals association between serotonin transporter gene STin2 VNTR polymorphism and schizophrenia.
Is the P300 wave an endophenotype for schizophrenia? A meta-analysis and a family study.
Meta-analysis of the association of the Trp64Arg polymorphism in the beta3 adrenergic receptor with insulin resistance.
Effect of osteoporosis treatments on risk of non-vertebral fractures: review and  meta-analysis of intention-to-treat studies.
Comparison of the efficacy of cooled-tip and 8-mm-tip catheters for radiofrequency catheter ablation of the cavotricuspid isthmus: a meta-analysis.
Effect of initial corticosteroid therapy on coronary artery aneurysm formation in Kawasaki disease: a meta-analysis of 862 children.
A meta-analysis on the correlation between the implicit association test and explicit self-report measures.
Treatment outcome in unilateral cleft lip and palate evaluated with the GOSLON yardstick: a meta-analysis of 1236 patients.
Controlled endurance exercise training and VO2max changes in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Exercise, lipids, and lipoproteins in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Effects of job development and job support on competitive employment of persons with severe mental illness.
Twelve-month outcomes of trauma-informed interventions for women with co-occurring disorders.
Effect of arousal and retention delay on memory: a meta-analysis.
Depression and cortisol responses to psychological stress: a meta-analysis.
Colorectal liver metastases: CT, MR imaging, and PET for diagnosis--meta-analysis.
Declarative memory in unaffected adult relatives of patients with schizophrenia:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reducing the risk of sexually transmitted infections in genitourinary medicine clinic patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of behavioural interventions.
Genotype at the -174G/C polymorphism of the interleukin-6 gene is associated with common carotid artery intimal-medial thickness: family study and meta-analysis.
Association of birth weight with adult lung function: findings from the British Women's Heart and Health Study and a meta-analysis.
Reconstructing recent human phylogenies with forensic STR loci: a statistical approach.
Effect of fish oil on heart rate in humans: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: chronic disease self-management programs for older adults.
Improving clinical outcomes in coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
[Metformin for type-2 diabetes mellitus. Systematic review and meta-analysis].
Clinical benefit, complication patterns and cost effectiveness of laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK) in moderate myopia: results of independent meta analyses on clinical outcome and postoperative complication profiles.
Amiodarone prophylaxis reduces major cardiovascular morbidity and length of stay  after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Off-pump coronary artery surgery for reducing mortality and morbidity: meta-analysis of randomized and observational studies.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers for prevention of type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Effectiveness of innovations in nurse led chronic disease management for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: systematic review of evidence.
[The 4th large meta-analysis of all trials of the treatment of operable breast cancer: increased survival after a longer follow-up].
Measurement error of percent diameter carotid stenosis determined by conventional angiography: implications for noninvasive evaluation.
Meta-analysis: non-pathogenic yeast Saccharomyces boulardii in the prevention of  antibiotic-associated diarrhoea.
Duration of breastfeeding and risk of overweight: a meta-analysis.
Multinutrient oral supplements and tube feeding in maintenance dialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of bright light therapy on depression associated with premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
Concordance of middle meatal swab and maxillary sinus aspirate in acute and chronic sinusitis: a meta-analysis.
Full-thickness chest wall resection for recurrent breast carcinoma: an institutional review and meta-analysis.
Daflon 500 mg and venous leg ulcer: new results from a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of inferior thyroid artery variations in different human ethnic groups and their clinical implications.
Efficacy and tolerability of tricyclic antidepressants and SSRIs compared with placebo for treatment of depression in primary care: a meta-analysis.
Effect of prophylactic amiodarone on clinical and economic outcomes after cardiothoracic surgery: a meta-analysis.
Prognosis after aortic valve replacement with the Carpentier-Edwards pericardial  valve: use of microsimulation.
Treatment arms summarizing analysis of 220 high-grade glioma studies.
What is the long term outcome for children who fail to thrive? A systematic review.
Local tumour control in women with carcinoma of the cervix treated with the addition of nitroimidazole agents to radiotherapy: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the value of somatostatin and its analogues in reducing complications associated with pancreatic surgery.
Effectiveness of preventive primary care outreach interventions aimed at older people: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Therapeutic benefit of eletriptan compared to sumatriptan for the acute relief of migraine pain--results of a model-based meta-analysis that accounts for encapsulation.
Effects of testosterone on body composition, bone metabolism and serum lipid profile in middle-aged men: a meta-analysis.
Impact of hepatitis C virus on immune restoration in HIV-infected patients who start highly active antiretroviral therapy: a meta-analysis.
Sucralfate does not ameliorate acute radiation proctitis: randomised study and meta-analysis.
Failure to resurface the patella during total knee arthroplasty may result in more knee pain and secondary surgery.
Magnetic resonance colonography versus colonoscopy as a diagnostic investigation  for colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
Inspiratory muscle training compared with other rehabilitation interventions in adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Fluconazole prophylaxis in critically ill surgical patients: a meta-analysis.
Enteral nutritional support and use of diabetes-specific formulas for patients with diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Suicide in the epilepsies: a meta-analytic investigation of 29 cohorts.
Meta-analysis of risk factors for cutaneous melanoma: III. Family history, actinic damage and phenotypic factors.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the relationship between chromosome 18q  genotype, DCC status and colorectal cancer prognosis.
Night work and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
How good are rodent models of carcinogenesis in predicting efficacy in humans? A  systematic review and meta-analysis of colon chemoprevention in rats, mice and men.
Do technical parameters affect the diagnostic accuracy of virtual bronchoscopy in patients with suspected airways stenosis?
Use of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) isoforms for the detection of prostate cancer in men with a PSA level of 2-10 ng/ml: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endoscopic therapy versus medical therapy for bleeding peptic ulcer with adherent clot: a meta-analysis.
Should all pancreatic cystic lesions be resected? Cyst-fluid analysis in the differential diagnosis of pancreatic cystic lesions: a meta-analysis.
Sentinel node biopsy in squamous cell cancer of the oral cavity and oral pharynx: a diagnostic meta-analysis.
Assessing the relationship between antigenicity and immunogenicity of human rabies vaccines. Results of a meta-analysis.
Combined analysis of 635 patients confirms an age-related association of the serotonin 2A receptor gene with tardive dyskinesia and specificity for the non-orofacial subtype.
A meta-analysis of neuropsychological change to clozapine, olanzapine, quetiapine, and risperidone in schizophrenia.
A liquid film-forming acrylate for peri-wound protection: a systematic review and meta-analysis (3M Cavilon no-sting barrier film).
Chinese herbal medicine and chemotherapy in the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) measurement of hippocampal volume in posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of the efficacy of psycho- and pharmacotherapy in panic disorder  with and without agoraphobia.
Evidence-based review of antifungal prophylaxis in neutropenic patients with haematological malignancies.
A comparison of pain, strength, range of motion, and functional outcomes after hemiarthroplasty and total shoulder arthroplasty in patients with osteoarthritis  of the shoulder. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness of immunoglobulin M-enriched immunoglobulin (Pentaglobin) in the treatment of severe sepsis and septic shock.
Hyaluronic acid injections relieve knee pain.
Consumer food safety knowledge, practices, and demographic differences: findings  from a meta-analysis.
Aging and verbal memory span: a meta-analysis.
[Delayed versus immediate pushing in the second stage of labor for nulliparous parturients with epidural analgesia: a meta-analysis of randomized trials].
The use of drains following thyroid and parathyroid surgery: a meta-analysis.
Psychopathology in children with epilepsy: a meta-analysis.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) use during pregnancy and effects on the fetus and newborn: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of randomized controlled trials of atypical antipsychotics and  selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for behavioural problems associated with  pervasive developmental disorders.
Comparison of the outcome of intracytoplasmic sperm injection in obstructive and  non-obstructive azoospermia in the first cycle: a report of case series and meta-analysis.
The urine dipstick test useful to rule out infections. A meta-analysis of the accuracy.
Meta-analysis of alternate autologous vein bypass grafts to infrapopliteal arteries.
An individual patient data meta-analysis of adjuvant therapy with carmofur in patients with curatively resected colon cancer.
Continuous versus intermittent intravenous administration of antibiotics: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
P53 as a prognostic marker for bladder cancer: a meta-analysis and review.
Int7G24A variant of the TGFBR1 gene and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of three case-control studies.
Ciprofloxacin vs an aminoglycoside in combination with a beta-lactam for the treatment of febrile neutropenia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Antidepressant studies in Parkinson's disease: a review and meta-analysis.
Misoprostol for labor induction in women with term premature rupture of membranes: a meta-analysis.
Intermittent and chronic ultraviolet light exposure and uveal melanoma: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of sex differences prevalence, incidence and severity of osteoarthritis.
Efficacy of thyroid hormone suppression for benign thyroid nodules: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
What we regret most... and why.
Meta-analysis of the brief psychiatric rating scale factor structure.
Meta-analysis of cognitive-behavioral treatments for generalized anxiety disorder: a comparison with pharmacotherapy.
The stability of vocational interests from early adolescence to middle adulthood: a quantitative review of longitudinal studies.
A meta-analytic review of the effects of acute cortisol administration on human memory.
[The risk of defects in the neural tube caused by valproic acid and carbamazepine].
The effect of cognitive behavioral treatment on the positive symptoms of schizophrenia spectrum disorders: a meta-analysis.
Moderate dose inhaled corticosteroids plus salmeterol versus higher doses of inhaled corticosteroids in symptomatic asthma.
Anticholinergics in the treatment of children and adults with acute asthma: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Parents' psychological adjustment in families of children with spina bifida: a meta-analysis.
[Psychological treatment of depression; a systematic review of meta-analyses].
Sirolimus-eluting stents vs paclitaxel-eluting stents in patients with coronary artery disease: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Warfarin plus aspirin after myocardial infarction or the acute coronary syndrome: meta-analysis with estimates of risk and benefit.
Large meta-analysis establishes the ACE insertion-deletion polymorphism as a marker of Alzheimer's disease.
Duration of anticoagulation following venous thromboembolism: a meta-analysis.
Effect of oral pseudoephedrine on blood pressure and heart rate: a meta-analysis.
A systematic review of taxane-containing regimens for metastatic breast cancer.
How strong is the evidence for the use of perioperative beta blockers in non-cardiac surgery? Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Osteopathic manipulative treatment for low back pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Predisplacement and postdisplacement factors associated with mental health of refugees and internally displaced persons: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: obesity and the risk for gastroesophageal reflux disease and its complications.
A meta-analysis of upright positions in the second stage to reduce instrumental deliveries in women with epidural analgesia.
Enteral nutritional support in prevention and treatment of pressure ulcers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: proton-pump inhibitor treatment for ulcer bleeding reduces transfusion requirements and hospital stay--results from the Cochrane Collaboration.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between {beta}2-adrenoceptor polymorphisms and asthma: a HuGE review.
A meta-analysis of interventions to improve care for chronic illnesses.
True incisor intrusion attained during orthodontic treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Predicting difficult intubation in apparently normal patients: a meta-analysis of bedside screening test performance.
Local recurrence after hepatic radiofrequency coagulation: multivariate meta-analysis and review of contributing factors.
Neuropsychological performance in adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: meta-analysis of empirical data.
Circumcision for the prevention of urinary tract infection in boys: a systematic  review of randomised trials and observational studies.
Do nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs affect the risk of developing ovarian cancer? A meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the influence of MDR1 C3435T polymorphism on digoxin pharmacokinetics and MDR1 gene expression.
Alcohol, ALDH2, and esophageal cancer: a meta-analysis which illustrates the potentials and limitations of a Mendelian randomization approach.
Allergies and the risk of pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis with review of epidemiology and biological mechanisms.
Aurora-A/STK15 T+91A is a general low penetrance cancer susceptibility gene: a meta-analysis of multiple cancer types.
Comparison of mortality associated with vancomycin-resistant and vancomycin-susceptible enterococcal bloodstream infections: a meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular safety of lumiracoxib: a meta-analysis of all randomized controlled trials > or =1 week and up to 1 year in duration of patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Cost effectiveness of duloxetine compared with venlafaxine-XR in the treatment of major depressive disorder.
RET polymorphisms and sporadic medullary thyroid carcinoma in a Portuguese population.
Human brain mechanisms of pain perception and regulation in health and disease.
Early neonatal dexamethasone treatment for prevention of bronchopulmonary dysplasia. Randomised trial and meta-analysis evaluating the duration of dexamethasone therapy.
Venous leg ulcer: a meta-analysis of adjunctive therapy with micronized purified  flavonoid fraction.
Adjuvant chemotherapy in invasive bladder cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data Advanced Bladder Cancer (ABC) Meta-analysis Collaboration.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy in invasive bladder cancer: update of a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data advanced bladder cancer (ABC) meta-analysis collaboration.
Increased risk of lymphoma among inflammatory bowel disease patients treated with azathioprine and 6-mercaptopurine.
Meta-analysis of genome scans of age-related macular degeneration.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of misuse of antibiotic therapies in the community.
Methodological triangulation showed the poorest quality of life in the youngest people following treatment of coronary artery disease: a longitudinal study.
Aerobic exercise, lipids and lipoproteins in overweight and obese adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis of high-risk sexual behavior in persons aware and unaware they are  infected with HIV in the United States: implications for HIV prevention programs.
Mortality among HIV-1-infected women according to children's feeding modality: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Nursing and cancer support groups.
Effects of fish oil supplementation on kidney transplantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Long-acting somatostatin analog therapy of acromegaly: a meta-analysis.
Allogeneic peripheral blood stem-cell compared with bone marrow transplantation in the management of hematologic malignancies: an individual patient data meta-analysis of nine randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy with tegafur-uracil in non-small-cell lung cancer.
Objective response to chemotherapy as a potential surrogate end point of survival in metastatic breast cancer patients.
Remission rates following antidepressant therapy with bupropion or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: a meta-analysis of original data from 7 randomized controlled trials.
The impact of oral phenylpropanolamine on blood pressure: a meta-analysis and review of the literature.
Does loading time affect implant survival? A meta-analysis of 1,266 implants.
Sinus floor elevation using osteotomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative pharmacophore modeling of organic anion transporting polypeptides: a  meta-analysis of rat Oatp1a1 and human OATP1B1.
One-year outcomes of coronary artery bypass graft surgery versus percutaneous coronary intervention with multiple stenting for multisystem disease: a meta-analysis of individual patient data from randomized clinical trials.
A re-examination of the effects of biased lineup instructions in eyewitness identification.
Prognostic significance of FLT3 internal tandem duplication and tyrosine kinase domain mutations for acute myeloid leukemia: a meta-analysis.
Resting heart rate changes after endurance training in older adults: a meta-analysis.
Population-based and family-based studies on the serotonin transporter gene polymorphisms and bipolar disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lack of association of the COMT (Val158/108 Met) gene and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Physical activity and multiple sclerosis: a meta-analysis.
Measured creatinine clearance from timed urine collections substantially overestimates glomerular filtration rate in patients with liver cirrhosis: a systematic review and individual patient meta-analysis.
Cumulative meta-analysis of the relationship between useful field of view and driving performance in older adults: current and future implications.
Hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase inhibitors and osteoporosis: a meta-analysis.
Acute pain: individual patient meta-analysis shows the impact of different ways of analysing and presenting results.
Primary versus delayed wound closure in complicated appendicitis: an international systematic review and meta-analysis.
Differential relationships between intergroup contact and affective and cognitive dimensions of prejudice.
Median and ulnar nerve injuries: a meta-analysis of predictors of motor and sensory recovery after modern microsurgical nerve repair.
Imaging for predicting the risk factors--the circumferential resection margin and nodal disease--of local recurrence in rectal cancer: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of perioperative beta blockade: what is the actual risk reduction?
Tranexamic acid reduces allogeneic red cell transfusions in patients undergoing total knee arthroplasty: results of a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of strategies for the diagnosis of suspected  pulmonary embolism.
A commercial line probe assay for the rapid detection of rifampicin resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of microarray data on pancreatic cancer defines a set of commonly dysregulated genes.
Which anticholinergic drug for overactive bladder symptoms in adults.
Aerobic exercise training programmes for improving physical and psychosocial health in adults with Down syndrome.
Fluid therapy for acute bacterial meningitis.
Serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (SNRI) for stress urinary incontinence in adults.
Long term hormone therapy for perimenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Colony stimulating factors for prevention of myelosupressive therapy induced febrile neutropenia in children with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Chemotherapy for advanced, recurrent or metastatic endometrial carcinoma.
Volume-targeted versus pressure-limited ventilation in the neonate.
Intravenous secretin for autism spectrum disorder.
Bisphosphonates for breast cancer.
Methadone at tapered doses for the management of opioid withdrawal.
Opiate treatment for opiate withdrawal in newborn infants.
Sedatives for opiate withdrawal in newborn infants.
Prophylactic nasal continuous positive airways pressure for preventing morbidity  and mortality in very preterm infants.
Selective reporting biases in cancer prognostic factor studies.
Meta-analysis: The value of clinical assessment in the diagnosis of deep venous thrombosis.
Treatment of ocular hypertension and open angle glaucoma: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Genetics of leptin and obesity: a HuGE review.
Efficacy of antiretroviral therapy programs in resource-poor settings: a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Effect of aminoglycoside and beta-lactam combination therapy versus beta-lactam monotherapy on the emergence of antimicrobial resistance: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Association study and meta-analysis of low-density lipoprotein receptor related protein in Alzheimer's disease.
A meta-analysis of worldwide studies demonstrates an association between schizophrenia and tobacco smoking behaviors.
Head-to-head comparison of H2-receptor antagonists and proton pump inhibitors in  the treatment of erosive esophagitis: a meta-analysis.
Does alendronate reduce the risk of fracture in men? A meta-analysis incorporating prior knowledge of anti-fracture efficacy in women.
Parental occupation and Ewing's sarcoma: pooled and meta-analysis.
Application of dietary fiber in clinical enteral nutrition: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Clinical evidence of growth hormone for patients undergoing abdominal surgery: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Microvolt T-wave alternans for the risk stratification of ventricular tachyarrhythmic events: a meta-analysis.
Are antifibrinolytic drugs equivalent in reducing blood loss and transfusion in cardiac surgery? A meta-analysis of randomized head-to-head trials.
Psychosocial and psychological interventions for prevention of postnatal depression: systematic review.
Natural history of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of desmopressin in patients with multiple sclerosis suffering from bladder dysfunction: a meta-analysis.
Functional foods for coronary heart disease risk reduction: a meta-analysis using a multivariate approach.
CTLA-4 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to type 1 diabetes mellitus: a HuGE  Review and meta-analysis.
Tumor risk in Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome: A review and meta-analysis.
Perinatal outcomes of in vitro fertilization twins: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
Anaesthesia for Caesarean section and neonatal acid-base status: a meta-analysis.
PGE1 and other prostaglandins in the treatment of intermittent claudication: a meta-analysis.
Improved interstage mortality with the modified Norwood procedure: a meta-analysis.
Aminoglycoside extended interval dosing in neonates is safe and effective: a meta-analysis.
Reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament: meta-analysis of patellar tendon versus hamstring tendon autograft.
When is the brain enlarged in autism? A meta-analysis of all brain size reports.
Accuracy of MSI testing in predicting germline mutations of MSH2 and MLH1: a case study in Bayesian meta-analysis of diagnostic tests without a gold standard.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials on physical interventions for lateral epicondylalgia.
The Rey 15-item memory test for malingering: a meta-analysis.
XRCC1 polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of 38 case-control studies.
Genetic polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferases and the risk of adult brain tumors: a meta-analysis.
Controlled physical activity trials in cancer survivors: a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Interferon-gamma1b therapy in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: a metaanalysis.
A meta-analysis on the interaction between HER-2 expression and response to endocrine treatment in advanced breast cancer.
Pre-operative mechanical bowel cleansing or not? an updated meta-analysis.
Lipid altering-efficacy of ezetimibe co-administered with simvastatin compared with rosuvastatin: a meta-analysis of pooled data from 14 clinical trials.
[Meta-analysis of candidate genes in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder].
Associations between ozone and daily mortality: analysis and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of time-series studies of ozone and mortality with comparison to  the national morbidity, mortality, and air pollution study.
Haplotype construction of the FRDA gene and evaluation of its role in type II diabetes.
The protease inhibitor PI*S allele and COPD: a meta-analysis.
The effects of antimuscarinic treatments in overactive bladder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prostate cancer and sexually transmitted diseases: a meta-analysis.
Correlation of reactive oxygen species levels with the fertilization rate after in vitro fertilization: a qualified meta-analysis.
The efficacy of naps as a fatigue countermeasure: a meta-analytic integration.
Group C meningococcal polysaccharide-tetanus toxoid conjugate vaccine: a meta-analysis of immunogenicity, safety and posology.
Diagnosis of appendicitis in adults by ultrasonography or computed tomography: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of selective decontamination of the digestive tract on fungal carriage and infection: systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Graduated compression stockings as prophylaxis for flight-related venous thrombosis: systematic literature review.
Patellar resurfacing in total knee arthroplasty. A meta-analysis.
Predictive value of BMD for hip and other fractures.
Association between the current use of low-dose oral contraceptives and cardiovascular arterial disease: a meta-analysis.
Ultrasonography, computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging for diagnosis and determining resectability of pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a meta-analysis.
The neuropsychological impact of sports-related concussion: a meta-analysis.
Bacillus calmette-guerin versus chemotherapy for the intravesical treatment of patients with carcinoma in situ of the bladder: a meta-analysis of the published  results of randomized clinical trials.
Smoking and the patency of lower extremity bypass grafts: a meta-analysis.
Evaluation based on systematic review of epidemiological evidence among Japanese  populations: tobacco smoking and total cancer risk.
Role of glycopeptides as part of initial empirical treatment of febrile neutropenic patients: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Hernias and Ewing's sarcoma family of tumours: a pooled analysis and meta-analysis.
Survival improvement in resectable non-small cell lung cancer with (neo)adjuvant  chemotherapy: results of a meta-analysis of the literature.
A meta-analysis on data from 575 patients with multiple myeloma randomly assigned to either high-dose therapy or conventional therapy.
Cognitive impairment in preclinical Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Nuclear medicine imaging of inflammatory/infective disorders of the abdomen.
A meta-analysis of the effect of hospital-based case management on hospital length-of-stay and readmission.
Cerclage for short cervix on ultrasonography: meta-analysis of trials using individual patient-level data.
Assessing the neonatal safety of indomethacin tocolysis: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
Intraocular pressure-lowering effects of all commonly used glaucoma drugs: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
A meta-analysis of milk intake and fracture risk: low utility for case finding.
Canalith repositioning for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo.
Variation in the diagnostic performance of D-dimer for suspected deep vein thrombosis.
Role of US in detection of Crohn disease: meta-analysis.
Association between compliance with methodological standards of diagnostic research and reported test accuracy: meta-analysis of focused assessment of US for trauma.
Indeterminate ovarian mass at US: incremental value of second imaging test for characterization--meta-analysis and Bayesian analysis.
The environment and schizophrenia: the role of cannabis use.
Mismatch negativity in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Dose-related association of MTHFR 677T allele with risk of ischemic stroke: evidence from a cumulative meta-analysis.
Relationship between reduced forced expiratory volume in one second and the risk  of lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is white blood cell reduction equivalent to antibody screening in preventing transmission of cytomegalovirus by transfusion? A review of the literature and meta-analysis.
[New aspects in hernia surgery].
Prostate-specific antigen, digital rectal examination and transrectal ultrasonography: a meta-analysis for this diagnostic triad of prostate cancer in  symptomatic korean men.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of short-acting insulin analogues in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Methods of hysterectomy: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of opioid agonists in the treatment of neuropathic pain of nonmalignant origin: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: antibiotic prophylaxis reduces mortality in neutropenic patients.
Colony-stimulating factors for chemotherapy-induced febrile neutropenia: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: role of Helicobacter pylori eradication in the prevention of peptic ulcer in NSAID users.
Risk of thrombosis with the use of sirolimus-eluting stents for percutaneous coronary intervention (from registry and clinical trial data).
Early-onset hypothesis of antipsychotic drug action: a hypothesis tested, confirmed and extended.
Higher dosages of azithromycin are more effective in treatment of group A streptococcal tonsillopharyngitis.
Routine vs selective invasive strategies in patients with acute coronary syndromes: a collaborative meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Dermatoglyphics and Schizophrenia: a meta-analysis and investigation of the impact of obstetric complications upon a-b ridge count.
[A systematic review of diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection by Helicobacter pylori stool antigen test].
Is proton pump inhibitor testing an effective approach to diagnose gastroesophageal reflux disease in patients with noncardiac chest pain?: a meta-analysis.
Percutaneous coronary intervention versus conservative therapy in nonacute coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Prevention of atrial fibrillation with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers: a meta-analysis.
An overview of menopausal oestrogen-progestin hormone therapy and breast cancer risk.
Type-II diabetes and pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis of 36 studies.
Progesterone supplementation for preventing preterm birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A better widget? Three lessons for improving addiction treatment from a meta-analytical study.
Does effect size in naltrexone trials for alcohol dependence differ for single-site vs. multi-center studies?
Training of somatosensory discrimination after stroke: facilitation of stimulus generalization.
Mortality in offspring of parents with psychotic disorders: a critical review and meta-analysis.
Air pollution and child respiratory health: a case-crossover study in Australia and New Zealand.
Hepatitis C virus antibody status and survival after renal transplantation: meta-analysis of observational studies.
Effects of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs on patient-controlled analgesia morphine side effects: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Deep venous thrombosis after knee arthroscopy: a meta-analysis.
Arthroscopic versus open repair for traumatic anterior shoulder instability: a meta-analysis.
Local anaesthesia for pain relief after laparoscopic cholecystectomy--a systematic review.
Validity of the executive function theory of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a meta-analytic review.
Systematic review of prophylactic nasogastric decompression after abdominal operations.
Radiotherapeutic management of brain metastases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low-molecular-weight heparin vs. unfractionated heparin in percutaneous coronary  intervention: a combined analysis.
The relationship between reduced lung function and cardiovascular mortality: a population-based study and a systematic review of the literature.
A meta-analysis of the relationship of child sexual abuse to HIV risk behavior among women.
Early heartburn relief with proton pump inhibitors: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Analgesia and sedation during mechanical ventilation in neonates.
Alcohol consumption and type 2 diabetes Meta-analysis of epidemiological studies  indicates a U-shaped relationship.
Stroop interference for food- and body-related words: a meta-analysis.
Relaxation therapy for rehabilitation and prevention in ischaemic heart disease:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Helicobacter pylori "test and treat" or endoscopy for managing dyspepsia: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
A systematic review and economic evaluation of alendronate, etidronate, risedronate, raloxifene and teriparatide for the prevention and treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: proton pump inhibitor vs. ranitidine bismuth citrate plus two antibiotics in Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Comparison of tamoxifen and clomiphene citrate for ovulation induction: a meta-analysis.
[Treatment of acute otitis media in paediatrics: a meta-analysis].
Effectiveness of single- versus multiple-visit endodontic treatment of teeth with apical periodontitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Birth defects in children conceived by ICSI compared with children conceived by other IVF-methods; a meta-analysis.
Naltrexone for the treatment of alcoholism: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The effects of green tea consumption on incidence of breast cancer and recurrence of breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of HIV behavioral interventions for reducing sexual risk behavior of men who have sex with men.
Caregiver-specific outcomes in antidementia clinical drug trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Accuracy of diagnostic imaging techniques in the diagnosis of aseptic loosening of the femoral component of a hip prosthesis: a meta-analysis.
A structured review of randomized controlled trials of weight loss showed little  improvement in health-related quality of life.
Early extreme contradictory estimates may appear in published research: the Proteus phenomenon in molecular genetics research and randomized trials.
Deep brain stimulation for pain relief: a meta-analysis.
Adjunctive subantimicrobial dose doxycycline in smokers and non-smokers with chronic periodontitis.
Suicide and attempted suicide in bipolar disorder: a systematic review of risk factors.
18F-FDG PET for evaluation of bone marrow infiltration in staging of lymphoma: a  meta-analysis.
Are health care providers who work with cancer drugs at an increased risk for toxic events? A systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Survival in sentinel lymph node-positive pediatric melanoma.
Sensitivity and specificity of color duplex ultrasound measurement in the estimation of internal carotid artery stenosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of antibiotic therapy on outcomes of patients with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Relation of C-reactive protein to stroke, cognitive disorders, and depression in  the general population: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intake of vitamin E, vitamin C, and carotenoids and the risk of Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Antibiotics for reduction of posttonsillectomy morbidity: a meta-analysis.
The placebo effect in irritable bowel syndrome trials: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of cognitive deficits in adults with a diagnosis of schizophrenia.
Carotid angioplasty with or without stent placement versus carotid endarterectomy for treatment of carotid stenosis: a meta-analysis.
Does nicotine do what we think it does? A meta-analytic review of the subjective  effects of nicotine in nasal spray and intravenous studies with smokers and nonsmokers.
Progestational agents to prevent preterm birth: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Primary operative versus nonoperative therapy for pediatric empyema: a meta-analysis.
Physical activity and psychological well-being in advanced age: a meta-analysis of intervention studies.
Tests of executive functions in first-degree relatives of schizophrenic patients: a meta-analysis.
Osteoporosis therapy: an example of putting evidence-based medicine into clinical practice.
Performance level differences in swimming: a meta-analysis of passive drag force.
Diagnostic accuracy of self collected vaginal specimens for human papillomavirus  compared to clinician collected human papillomavirus specimens: a meta-analysis.
Complete evidence regarding major vascular injuries during laparoscopic access.
[A meta-analysis of the effects of exercise programs on glucose and lipid metabolism and cardiac function in patients with type II diabetes mellitus].
Relationship between peripheral arterial occlusive disease (PAOD) and chronic Chlamydophila (Chlamydia) pneumoniae infection. A meta-analysis.
Retinal vein occlusion: a form of venous thrombosis or a complication of atherosclerosis? A meta-analysis of thrombophilic factors.
[Meta-analysis on the relationship of chlamydia pneumonia infection and coronary  heart disease].
[A meta-analysis of treatment of infantile diarrhea with bifid triple viable bacterial tablet].
Antibiotics for the primary prevention of acute rheumatic fever: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of studies of the timing of tracheostomy in adult patients undergoing artificial ventilation.
Personal use of hair dyes and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis.
Behavior problems and mental health referrals of international adoptees: a meta-analysis.
Theophylline for prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy: a systematic review  and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: accuracy of rapid tests for malaria in travelers returning from endemic areas.
Meta-analysis of survival and relief of angina pectoris after transmyocardial revascularization.
Drug-eluting stents versus bare metal stents in percutaneous coronary interventions (a meta-analysis).
The efficacy of sirolimus- and paclitaxel-eluting stents: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Fracture prevention with vitamin D supplementation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Estimating the diagnostic accuracy of procalcitonin as a marker of the severity of acute pancreatitis: a meta-analytic approach.
Reduction of alcohol consumption by brief alcohol intervention in primary care: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of AFP mRNA expression in peripheral blood as a predictor for postsurgical recurrence of hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Phase I/II enzyme gene polymorphisms and esophageal cancer risk: a meta-analysis  of the literature.
A meta-analysis of the MTHFR C677T polymorphism and schizophrenia risk.
Meta-analysis: exercise therapy for nonspecific low back pain.
Topical nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for corneal abrasions: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
[Meta-analysis of postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy for Dukes' B colorectal carcinoma].
Systematic review and meta-analysis: enhanced efficacy of proton-pump inhibitor therapy for peptic ulcer bleeding in Asia--a post hoc analysis from the Cochrane  Collaboration.
Supplementation of infant formula with long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids does not influence the growth of term infants.
The prehospital 12-lead electrocardiogram's effect on time to initiation of reperfusion therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of existing literature.
How should patients with unstable angina and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial  infarction be managed? A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the rates of spontaneous abortions: a meta-analysis.
Grommets in otitis media with effusion: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
The dopamine D4 receptor gene 48-base-pair-repeat polymorphism and mood disorders: a meta-analysis.
Self-help books for depression: how can practitioners and patients make the right choice?
Systematic review and meta-analysis of technique for closure of the pancreatic remnant after distal pancreatectomy.
Long-term seizure outcomes following epilepsy surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Leisure-time physical activity and lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Choice of exposure scores for categorical regression in meta-analysis: a case study of a common problem.
Pas1 haplotype-dependent genetic predisposition to lung tumorigenesis in rodents: a meta-analysis.
Hepatotoxicity and nelfinavir: a meta-analysis.
The time to onset and overall analgesic efficacy of rofecoxib 50 mg: a meta-analysis of 13 randomized clinical trials.
Can telepsychiatry replace in-person psychiatric assessments? A review and meta-analysis of comparison studies.
A meta-analysis of the association of physical activity with reduced risk of colorectal cancer.
Common variants in the ATP-sensitive K+ channel genes KCNJ11 (Kir6.2) and ABCC8 (SUR1) in relation to glucose intolerance: population-based studies and meta-analyses.
Angiotensin-I converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism and its association with diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis of studies reported between 1994 and 2004 and comprising 14,727 subjects.
Human neurobehavioral effects of long-term exposure to styrene: a meta-analysis.
Is bare-metal stenting superior to balloon angioplasty for small vessel coronary  artery disease? Evidence from a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Glutathione s-transferase polymorphisms (GSTM1, GSTP1 and GSTT1) and the risk of  acute leukaemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of magnesium on atrial fibrillation after cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis.
Systematic review of combined angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition and angiotensin receptor blockade in hypertension.
Orlistat in responding obese type 2 diabetic patients: meta-analysis findings and cost-effectiveness as rationales for reimbursement in Sweden and Switzerland.
A meta-analytic review of stopping performance in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: deficient inhibitory motor control?
Meta-analysis of the association of beta2-adrenergic receptor polymorphisms with  asthma phenotypes.
Meta-analysis of bacterial resistance to macrolides.
Intravenous magnesium for prevention of atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Platinum-based versus non-platinum-based chemotherapy in advanced non-small-cell  lung cancer: a meta-analysis of the published literature.
Eating disorders in patients with type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
[Role of "subtle" ultrasonographic signs during antenatal screening for trisomy 21 during the second trimester of pregnancy: meta-analysis and CPDPN protocol of  the Grenoble University Hospital].
Blood pressure response to chronic intake of coffee and caffeine: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Does nocturnal blood pressure fall in people of African and South Asian descent differ from that in European white populations? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Factors moderating neuropsychological outcomes following mild traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis.
Low-dose aspirin for secondary cardiovascular prevention - cardiovascular risks after its perioperative withdrawal versus bleeding risks with its continuation -  review and meta-analysis.
Perinatel outcomes of singleton pregnancies achieved by in vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Computed tomography versus plain radiography to screen for cervical spine injury: a meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance angiography for the nonpalpable testis: a cost and cancer risk analysis.
Efficacy of advanced dressings in the treatment of pressure ulcers: a systematic  review.
Acute renal failure independently predicts mortality after myeloablative allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplant.
Liver transplantation with monosegments. Technical aspects and outcome: a meta-analysis.
Functional polymorphism in Z-DNA-forming motif of promoter of SLC11A1 gene and type 1 diabetes in Japanese subjects: association study and meta-analysis.
Expectant, medical, or surgical management of first-trimester miscarriage: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of alendronate for the prevention of hip fractures  in postmenopausal women.
Meta-analysis of intratympanic gentamicin.
Optimizing GnRH antagonist administration: meta-analysis of fixed versus flexible protocol.
[Efficacy and safety of astemizole in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and urticaria: a systematic review with meta-analysis].
[In-hospital mortality and early preinfarction angina: a meta-analysis of published studies].
[Meta-analysis of the diagnostic efficacy of FDG-PET in patients with suspected ovarian cancer recurrence].
Cognitive and clinical moderators of recognition memory in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of endoscopic techniques vs Shouldice and other open nonmesh techniques for inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of modern dressings in the treatment of leg ulcers: a systematic review.
[Is the implantation of titanium stems in hip prostheses really obsolete?].
Reassessment of the cost of chronic helmintic infection: a meta-analysis of disability-related outcomes in endemic schistosomiasis.
Meta-analysis of randomised adjuvant therapy trials for pancreatic cancer.
The effectiveness of extra corporeal shock wave therapy for plantar heel pain: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Influenza vaccine in healthy children: a meta-analysis.
Epoetin alfa's effect on left ventricular hypertrophy and subsequent mortality.
Short-term risk of death after treatment with nesiritide for decompensated heart  failure: a pooled analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meta-analysis: acupuncture for low back pain.
Meta-analysis: computed tomographic colonography.
Acupuncture for shoulder pain.
Biocompatible hemodialysis membranes for acute renal failure.
Early introduction of lipids to parenterally-fed preterm infants.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy for invasive bladder cancer.
Self-monitoring of blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus who are not using insulin.
Gastro-oesophageal reflux treatment for prolonged non-specific cough in children  and adults.
Calorie and protein-enriched formula versus standard term formula for improving growth and development in preterm or low birth weight infants following hospital  discharge.
Unit-dose packaged drugs for treating malaria.
Quality of life after rectal resection for cancer, with or without permanent colostomy.
Megestrol acetate for the treatment of anorexia-cachexia syndrome.
Competitions and incentives for smoking cessation.
Acupuncture for depression.
Positioning for acute respiratory distress in hospitalised infants and children.
Alpha-glucosidase inhibitors for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Interventions for improving adherence to treatment recommendations in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Group based training for self-management strategies in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Single agent versus combination chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer.
Taxane containing regimens for metastatic breast cancer.
In vitro fertilisation for unexplained subfertility.
Treatment for Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome.
Emergency interventions for hyperkalaemia.
Psychological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia.
Manual versus powered toothbrushing for oral health.
Air versus oxygen for resuscitation of infants at birth.
Hormone replacement therapy for preventing cardiovascular disease in post-menopausal women.
Operative procedures for fissure in ano.
Postoperative radiotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer.
Single versus combination intravenous antibiotic therapy for people with cystic fibrosis.
Aerobic exercise interventions for adults living with HIV/AIDS.
Substitution of doctors by nurses in primary care.
Group behaviour therapy programmes for smoking cessation.
Medicinal and injection therapies for mechanical neck disorders.
Role of multivitamins and mineral supplements in preventing infections in elderly people: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Abciximab as adjunctive therapy to reperfusion in acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Intra-articular hyaluronic acid for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee:  systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recombinant human erythropoietin and overall survival in cancer patients: results of a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Association between compensation status and outcome after surgery: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: surgical treatment of obesity.
Meta-analysis: pharmacologic treatment of obesity.
Meta-analysis: low-dose dopamine increases urine output but does not prevent renal dysfunction or death.
Efficacy of antidepressants in substance use disorders with and without comorbid  depression. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Do elderly systolic heart failure patients benefit from beta blockers to the same extent as the non-elderly? Meta-analysis of >12,000 patients in large-scale clinical trials.
Lower back disorders among forklift operators: an emerging occupational health problem?
The efficacy of light therapy in the treatment of mood disorders: a review and meta-analysis of the evidence.
Antibiotics for vascular diseases: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of acetaminophen on morphine side-effects and consumption after major surgery: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Motivational interviewing: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
N-acetylcysteine prophylaxis significantly reduces the risk of radiocontrast-induced nephropathy: comprehensive meta-analysis.
Pediatric spinal cord injury without radiographic abnormality: a meta-analysis.
A decade of trials of interferon-alpha for chronic hepatitis C. A meta-regression analysis.
Meta-analysis in psychiatric genetics.
Association between intellectual functioning and age in children and young adults with Duchenne muscular dystrophy: further results from a meta-analysis.
Reduced hypoglycemia risk with insulin glargine: a meta-analysis comparing insulin glargine with human NPH insulin in type 2 diabetes.
Effect of sibutramine on weight management and metabolic control in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of clinical studies.
Meta-analysis of outcome of cytomegalovirus colitis in immunocompetent hosts.
Economic effectiveness of disease management programs: a meta-analysis.
WT-1 in ovarian and endometrioid serous carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
CTLA-4 polymorphisms and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE): a meta-analysis.
A comparison of donepezil and galantamine in the treatment of cognitive symptoms  of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of five genome-wide linkage studies for body mass index reveals significant evidence for linkage to chromosome 8p.
Does emotional disclosure have any effects? A systematic review of the literature with meta-analyses.
Self-reported adherence to antiretroviral therapy for HIV-1 infection and virologic treatment response: a meta-analysis.
Preoperative education for orthopaedic patients: systematic review.
A meta-analysis of working memory impairments in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Empirical antibiotics against Gram-positive infections for febrile neutropenia: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The role of calcium antagonists in stroke prevention.
Meta-analysis to evaluate the role of interferon in follicular lymphoma.
Religious coping and psychological adjustment to stress: a meta-analysis.
Determining the optimal obturation length: a meta-analysis of literature.
Cryotherapy after ACL reconstruction: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the reliability and validity of Part B of the Index of Work Satisfaction across studies.
Sexual versus nonsexual workplace aggression and victims' overall job satisfaction: a meta-analysis.
Effects of ankle support on lower-extremity functional performance: a meta-analysis.
Does measurement instrument moderate the association between the serotonin transporter gene and anxiety-related personality traits? A meta-analysis.
[Economic evaluation of acute migraine attack treatment with triptans in Spain].
Intraocular pressure elevation after intravitreal triamcinolone acetonide injection.
Growth hormone therapy for children born small for gestational age: height gain is less dose dependent over the long term than over the short term.
Risk of a Down syndrome live birth in women 45 years of age and older.
Walking and Non-HDL-C in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Meta-analysis of international quality of life studies].
Radon therapy for the treatment of rheumatic diseases--review and meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials.
Toward cost-benefit analysis of acute behavioral effects of toluene in humans.
Effects of caffeine ingestion on rating of perceived exertion during and after exercise: a meta-analysis.
Contribution of ADAM33 polymorphisms to the population risk of asthma.
[The use of Meta-analysis in the evaluation on diagnostic tests].
[A Meta-analysis in multi-center random controlled clinical trials].
Risk of worsening renal function with nesiritide in patients with acutely decompensated heart failure.
Survival following lobectomy vs limited resection for stage I lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Positive pressure ventilation in the management of acute and chronic cardiac failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: proton-pump inhibition in high-risk patients with acute peptic ulcer bleeding.
Meta-analysis: methods for diagnosing intravascular device-related bloodstream infection.
Drug-eluting stent thrombosis: results from a pooled analysis including 10 randomized studies.
What is the risk of stent thrombosis associated with the use of paclitaxel-eluting stents for percutaneous coronary intervention?: a meta-analysis.
Does blood pressure lowering treatment prevents dementia or cognitive decline in  patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease?
Meta-analysis of cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors and their effects on blood pressure.
Chromosome alterations in human hepatocellular carcinomas correlate with aetiology and histological grade--results of an explorative CGH meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of proton pump inhibitor therapy in peptic ulcer bleeding.
Renal cell carcinoma in relation to cigarette smoking: meta-analysis of 24 studies.
Meta-analysis of possible external triggers of acute myocardial infarction.
Efficacy and tolerability of topical pimecrolimus and tacrolimus in the treatment of atopic dermatitis: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Should nortriptyline be used as a first-line aid to help smokers quit? Results from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: upper gastrointestinal tolerability of valdecoxib, a cyclooxygenase-2-specific inhibitor, compared with nonspecific nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs among patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Meta-analysis comparing drug-eluting stents with bare metal stents.
Investigating heterogeneity in studies of resting energy expenditure in persons with HIV/AIDS: a meta-analysis.
Cosleeping and sudden unexpected infant deaths in Kentucky: a 10-year retrospective case review.
A systematic review of the association between factor V Leiden or prothrombin gene variant and intrauterine growth restriction.
The efficacy of preemptive analgesia for acute postoperative pain management: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis: test performance of ultrasonography for giant-cell arteritis.
Meta-analysis of upper probe measurements in normal subjects and patients with laryngopharyngeal reflux.
Impact of standardised feeding regimens on incidence of neonatal necrotising enterocolitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
The lifetime risk of suicide in schizophrenia: a reexamination.
Is thrombolytic therapy associated with increased mortality? Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of total ankle replacement with meniscal-bearing devices: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Botulinum toxin type A for the treatment of the upper limb spasticity after stroke: a meta-analysis.
Corticosteroid injections for painful shoulder: a meta-analysis.
N-of-1 trials of quinine efficacy in skeletal muscle cramps of the leg.
A meta-analysis of FDG-PET for the evaluation of breast cancer recurrence and metastases.
Vitamin D analogs versus native vitamin D in preventing bone loss and osteoporosis-related fractures: a comparative meta-analysis.
Tanning beds, sunlamps, and risk of cutaneous malignant melanoma.
Comparing child outcomes of physical punishment and alternative disciplinary tactics: a meta-analysis.
Short-course therapy with rifampin plus isoniazid, compared with standard therapy with isoniazid, for latent tuberculosis infection: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis and indirect comparisons of levetiracetam with other second-generation antiepileptic drugs in partial epilepsy.
A meta-analysis of patellar replacement in total knee arthroplasty.
Genome-wide linkage scans for fasting glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Blood Pressure Program: evidence of linkages to chromosome 7q36 and 19q13 from meta-analysis.
The effects of type 1 diabetes on cognitive performance: a meta-analysis.
Maternal hyperthermia and the risk for neural tube defects in offspring: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prophylactic use of antibiotics for prevention of meningococcal infections: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
A meta-analysis of ibuprofen versus indomethacin for closure of patent ductus arteriosus.
[Taxanes in the adjuvant therapy of breastcancer with positive nodes: a meta-analysis].
[The Spanish version of the Short Form 36 Health Survey: a decade of experience and new developments].
Ovulation induction in the new millennium: recombinant follicle-stimulating hormone versus human menopausal gonadotropin.
Discontinuation rates for selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and other second-generation antidepressants in outpatients with major depressive disorder:  a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between primary hyperparathyroidism and increased body weight: a meta-analysis.
Embolization as first-line therapy for diverticulosis-related massive lower gastrointestinal bleeding: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Effect of dietary fiber intake on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized,  controlled clinical trials.
Resuscitation of newborn infants with 100% oxygen or air: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy of rapid-rate repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cannabis as a risk factor for psychosis: systematic review.
Is GERD a risk factor for laryngeal cancer?
Conservative management of acoustic neuroma: a meta-analysis and proposed treatment algorithm.
Effects of exercise on heart rate variability: inferences from meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of verbal fluency deficits in Huntington's disease.
[Gemcitabine in the first line therapy of advanced and metastatic non-small-cell  lung carcinoma (NSCLC): review of the results of phase III studies].
Prevalence and variations of pneumatized articular eminence: a study from Turkey.
CYP2D6 polymorphisms and the risk of tardive dyskinesia in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Side-effect profile of fluoxetine in comparison with other SSRIs, tricyclic and newer antidepressants: a meta-analysis of clinical trial data.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy of the acetonic kava-kava extract WS1490 in patients with non-psychotic anxiety disorders.
Serum uric acid and coronary heart disease in 9,458 incident cases and 155,084 controls: prospective study and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of family-based association studies between the dopamine transporter gene and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Age differences in everyday problem-solving and decision-making effectiveness: a  meta-analytic review.
Adoption and cognitive development: a meta-analytic comparison of adopted and nonadopted children's IQ and school performance.
The placebo response in the treatment of chronic fatigue syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ventilation-perfusion scanning and helical CT in suspected pulmonary embolism: meta-analysis of diagnostic performance.
Fluticasone given once versus twice a day: meta-analysis.
The efficacy of antidepressants for generalized anxiety disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Leflunomide in rheumatoid arthritis: recommendations through a process of consensus.
Five NOTCH4 polymorphisms show weak evidence for association with schizophrenia:  evidence from meta-analyses.
Meta-analysis of the time-course of brain volume reduction in schizophrenia: implications for pathogenesis and early treatment.
Suicidal risk during treatment with clozapine: a meta-analysis.
Spinal epidural lipomatosis: case reports, literature review and meta-analysis.
The CD14 C-159T polymorphism is not associated with asthma or asthma severity in  an Australian adult population.
[HER2 expression and its prognostic implication in lymph node negative breast carcinoma: a Meta-analysis].
Australian data and meta-analysis lend support for alpha-synuclein (NACP-Rep1) as a risk factor for Parkinson's disease.
Effectiveness of beta lactam antibiotics compared with antibiotics active against atypical pathogens in non-severe community acquired pneumonia: meta-analysis.
Evaluation of new treatments in radiation oncology: are they better than standard treatments?
Folate intake and colorectal cancer risk: a meta-analytical approach.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and suicide in adults: meta-analysis of drug company data from placebo controlled, randomised controlled trials submitted to the MHRA's safety review.
Meta-analysis: endoscopic variceal ligation for primary prophylaxis of oesophageal variceal bleeding.
Meta-analysis: the influence of pre-treatment with a proton pump inhibitor on Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Taxanes with anthracyclines as first-line chemotherapy for metastatic breast carcinoma.
Prognostic significance of vascular endothelial growth factor immunohistochemical expression in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Quinolones for treatment of nosocomial pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Rate vs rhythm control in patients with atrial fibrillation: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of case-control studies on the combined effect of hepatitis B and C virus infections in causing hepatocellular carcinoma in China.
Mechanisms of improved survival from intensive followup in colorectal cancer: a hypothesis.
Association between hormone replacement therapy and subsequent stroke: a meta-analysis.
Effects of inhaled corticosteroids on sputum cell counts in stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the association of a functional serotonin transporter promoter polymorphism with alcohol dependence.
Meta-analysis of the association between two polymorphisms in the serotonin transporter gene and affective disorders.
Early supported discharge services for stroke patients: a meta-analysis of individual patients' data.
Neoadjuvant versus adjuvant systemic treatment in breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Increased risk of relapse after stopping nicotine replacement therapies: a mathematical modelling approach.
Meta-analysis of the effects of soy protein containing isoflavones on the lipid profile.
Role of supplemental calcium in the recurrence of colorectal adenomas: a metaanalysis of randomized controlled trials.
Atrial flutter and the risk of thromboembolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A multidimensional meta-analysis of psychotherapy for PTSD.
Attributable risk of injury associated with alcohol use: cross-national data from the emergency room collaborative alcohol analysis project.
Use of intrathecal neostigmine as an adjunct to other spinal medications in perioperative and peripartum analgesia: a meta-analysis.
Body mass index and mortality: a meta-analysis based on person-level data from twenty-six observational studies.
Screening for abdominal aortic aneurysm: a best-evidence systematic review for the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.
Risk of a right pneumonectomy: role of bronchopleural fistula.
St John's wort for depression: meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Macrophage scavenger receptor 1 999C>T (R293X) mutation and risk of prostate cancer.
Cytochrome P450 1B1 and catechol-O-methyltransferase genetic polymorphisms and breast cancer risk in Chinese women: results from the shanghai breast cancer study and a meta-analysis.
[Individual patient data meta-analyses in head and neck carcinoma: what have we learnt?].
Oral antihistamines for the symptom of nasal obstruction in persistent allergic rhinitis--a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Accuracy of radiographer plain radiograph reporting in clinical practice: a meta-analysis.
Hypothermia for neuroprotection after cardiac arrest: systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis.
Self-monitoring of blood glucose as part of a multi-component therapy among non-insulin requiring type 2 diabetes patients: a meta-analysis (1966-2004).
Are granulocyte colony-stimulating factors beneficial in treating diabetic foot infections?: A meta-analysis.
Combination endoscopic band ligation and sclerotherapy compared with endoscopic band ligation alone for the secondary prophylaxis of esophageal variceal hemorrhage: a meta-analysis.
Milk/dairy products consumption, galactose metabolism and ovarian cancer: meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Adverse effects of antifungal therapies in invasive fungal infections: review and meta-analysis.
Antral follicle count in the prediction of poor ovarian response and pregnancy after in vitro fertilization: a meta-analysis and comparison with basal follicle-stimulating hormone level.
[Is ginger a clinically relevant antiemetic? A systematic review of randomized controlled trials].
CYP2C9 gene variants, drug dose, and bleeding risk in warfarin-treated patients:  a HuGEnet systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ethnic differences in stressors, resources, and psychological outcomes of family  caregiving: a meta-analysis.
The influence of growth hormone (GH) substitution on patient-reported outcomes and cognitive functions in GH-deficient patients: a meta-analysis.
Antibiotic prophylaxia in patients with severe acute pancreatitis.
Ala45Thr polymorphism of the NEUROD1 gene and diabetes susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of gross insertions causing human genetic disease: novel mutational mechanisms and the role of replication slippage.
Ritodrine in the treatment of preterm labour: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of the outcome of intracytoplasmic sperm injection in obstructive and  non-obstructive azoospermia in the first cycle: a report of case series and meta-analysis.
Effect of high-fat or high-carbohydrate diets on endurance exercise: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of controlled trials of ventilator therapy in acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome: an alternative perspective.
Effect of bisphosphonates on periprosthetic bone mineral density after total joint arthroplasty. A meta-analysis.
The Stroop revisited: a meta-analysis of interference control in AD/HD.
Is there a delay in the antidepressant effect? A meta-analysis.
Effects of behavioral marital therapy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Excess in cardiovascular events on Mondays: a meta-analysis and prospective study.
Hepatic arterial infusion after curative resection of colorectal cancer metastases: a meta-analysis of prospective clinical trials.
N-acetylcysteine for the prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of resistance training on resting blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Periodontal diseases and the risk of preterm birth and low birth weight: a meta-analysis.
Endogenous opiates and the placebo effect: a meta-analytic review.
Homocysteine, MTHFR and risk of venous thrombosis: a meta-analysis of published epidemiological studies.
Progestational agents to prevent preterm birth: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The relationship between job satisfaction and health: a meta-analysis.
Smoking and fracture risk: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of natural therapies for hyperlipidemia: plant sterols and stanols  versus policosanol.
Effect of smoking on hearing loss: quality assessment and meta-analysis.
Foot-in-the-door and door-in-the-face: a comparative meta-analytic study.
Efficacy of theophylline in people with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Calcium channel blockers for primary Raynaud's phenomenon: a meta-analysis.
A cross-study meta-analysis and three-dimensional comparison of cell counting in  the anterior cingulate cortex of schizophrenic and bipolar brain.
Meta-analysis shows schizophrenia is not associated with the 40-base-pair repeat  polymorphism of the dopamine transporter gene.
Effects of exogenous melatonin on sleep: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of endoscopic procedures vs Lichtenstein and other open mesh techniques for inguinal hernia repair: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for esophageal carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Asymptomatic postoperative deep vein thrombosis and the development of postthrombotic syndrome. A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cholesteryl ester transfer protein TaqIB variant, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, cardiovascular risk, and efficacy of pravastatin treatment: individual patient meta-analysis of 13,677 subjects.
Oral water soluble contrast for the management of adhesive small bowel obstruction.
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty with stents versus coronary artery bypass grafting for people with stable angina or acute coronary syndromes.
Wound drainage for caesarean section.
Population-based interventions for the prevention of fall-related injuries in older people.
Botulinum toxin type B for cervical dystonia.
Opioids for neonates receiving mechanical ventilation.
Patient controlled intravenous opioid analgesia versus continuous epidural analgesia for pain after intra-abdominal surgery.
Home versus center based physical activity programs in older adults.
Lay health workers in primary and community health care.
Cardioprotective interventions for cancer patients receiving anthracyclines.
Interventions for replacing missing teeth: different types of dental implants.
Surgical approach to hysterectomy for benign gynaecological disease.
Botulinum toxin type A therapy for cervical dystonia.
Antioxidant treatment for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis / motor neuron disease.
Phosphodiesterase III inhibitors for heart failure.
Conventional chest physiotherapy compared to other airway clearance techniques for cystic fibrosis.
Follow-up strategies for women treated for early breast cancer.
Dietary fiber and blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Ethnic variations in UK asthma frequency, morbidity, and health-service use: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Relationship between metabolic enzyme polymorphism and colorectal cancer.
Efficacy and safety of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol-increasing compounds: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The role of RAS oncogene in survival of patients with lung cancer: a systematic review of the literature with meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug use and risk of dementia.
Catechol-O-methyltransferase gene Val/Met functional polymorphism and risk of schizophrenia: a large-scale association study plus meta-analysis.
Homocysteine and stroke: evidence on a causal link from mendelian randomisation.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in the management of chronic calcific pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms of the insertion / deletion ACE and M235T AGT genes and hypertension: surprising new findings and meta-analysis of data.
Vasopressin for cardiac arrest: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 status and gastric cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Risk of ischaemic stroke in people with migraine: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Meta-analysis: high-dosage vitamin E supplementation may increase all-cause mortality.
A meta-analysis of .08 BAC laws in 19 jurisdictions in the United States.
Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
An examination of the evidence-based literacy research in deaf education.
Vascular closure devices: a review of their use after invasive procedures.
Breastfeeding in infancy and blood pressure in later life: systematic review and  meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of trials comparing postoperative recovery after anesthesia with sevoflurane or desflurane.
Paternal organic solvent exposure and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Subglottic secretion drainage for preventing ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Mortality in systemic sclerosis: an international meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Schizophrenia and migration: a meta-analysis and review.
Does off-pump coronary artery bypass reduce mortality, morbidity, and resource utilization when compared with conventional coronary artery bypass? A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of positron emission tomographic and computed tomographic imaging in detecting mediastinal lymph node metastases in nonsmall cell lung cancer.
Is virtual bronchoscopy an efficient diagnostic tool for the thoracic surgeon?
Motivational interviewing.
Sexual orientation and personality.
A model of the development of frontal lobe functioning: findings from a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis on intravenous magnesium sulphate for treating acute asthma.
Tolerability and adverse events in clinical trials of celecoxib in osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis: systematic review and meta-analysis of information from company clinical trial reports.
Treatment of vertigo with a homeopathic complex remedy compared with usual treatments: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Clinical evidence of growth hormone, glutamine and a modified diet for short bowel syndrome: meta-analysis of clinical trials.
The effects of iodine on intelligence in children: a meta-analysis of studies conducted in China.
Resuscitation of depressed newborn infants with ambient air or pure oxygen: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of clinical trials of paclitaxel- and sirolimus-eluting stents in patients with obstructive coronary artery disease.
Gastrectomy with extended lymphadenectomy for primary treatment of gastric cancer.
Menopausal hormone therapy after breast cancer: a meta-analysis and critical appraisal of the evidence.
Association of GSTM1, GSTT1, and GSTP1 gene polymorphisms with the risk of prostate cancer: a meta-analysis.
Hormone replacement therapy and secondary cardiovascular prevention: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Meta-analysis of trials comparing oral anticoagulation and aspirin versus dual antiplatelet therapy after coronary stenting. Clues for the management of patients with an indication for long-term anticoagulation undergoing coronary stenting.
Oral clefts, maternal smoking, and TGFA: a meta-analysis of gene-environment interaction.
Statistical kinematics of axillary nodal metastases in breast carcinoma.
Meta-analysis of hemodynamic optimization: relationship to methodological quality.
The use of prophylactic fluconazole in immunocompetent high-risk surgical patients: a meta-analysis.
Invasive approaches to the diagnosis of ventilator-associated pneumonia: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the effects of epoetin alfa treatment on quality of life in anaemic cancer patients.
Safety and efficacy of ximelagatran: meta-analysis of the controlled randomized trials for the prophylaxis or treatment of venous thromboembolism.
Corpus callosum in neurodegenerative diseases: findings in Parkinson's disease.
Efficacy of rivastigmine in Alzheimer's disease patients with rapid disease progression: results of a meta-analysis.
A two-compound product containing calcipotriol and betamethasone dipropionate provides rapid, effective treatment of psoriasis vulgaris regardless of baseline  disease severity.
Alpha-glucosidase inhibitors for patients with type 2 diabetes: results from a Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Results and complications after ileal pouch anal anastomosis: a meta-analysis of  43 observational studies comprising 9,317 patients.
Acellular pertussis vaccine safety and efficacy in children, adolescents and adults.
Meta-analysis of risk factors for cutaneous melanoma: II. Sun exposure.
Meta-analysis of risk factors for cutaneous melanoma: I. Common and atypical naevi.
A meta-analysis of excess cardiac mortality on Monday.
Overdispersion of allele frequency differences between populations: implications  for meta-analyses of genotypic disease associations.
Variation in the human TP53 gene affects old age survival and cancer mortality.
The molecular portrait of in vitro growth by meta-analysis of gene-expression profiles.
Luteal phase support in in vitro fertilization: meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Bilateral hippocampal volume reduction in adults with post-traumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis of structural MRI studies.
A meta-analysis of studies comparing the respiratory route with the subcutaneous  route of measles vaccine administration.
Complications after intracapsular hip fractures in young adults. A meta-analysis  of 18 published studies involving 564 fractures.
Immunosuppressive treatment for inflammatory cardiomyopathy: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Laterality in familiar face recognition: a meta-analysis.
Post-acute intermediate care in nursing-led units: a systematic review of effectiveness.
Parenteral vs. enteral nutrition in the critically ill patient: a meta-analysis of trials using the intention to treat principle.
Efficacy of heat and moisture exchangers in preventing ventilator-associated pneumonia: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Evidence of cost-effective treatments for depression: a systematic review.
Operative treatment of displaced fractures of the acetabulum. A meta-analysis.
QT correction methods in children and adolescents.
Psychiatric disorders in parents of children with autism: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic review of verbal fluency deficits in depression.
A systematic review of the effectiveness of self-performed mechanical plaque removal in adults with gingivitis using a manual toothbrush.
Cutaneous carcinosarcoma: adnexal vs. epidermal types define high- and low-risk tumors. Results of a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of survival models of lung cancer.
Treatment with proton pump inhibitors in acute non-variceal upper gastrointestinal bleeding: a meta-analysis.
Effects of walking-only interventions on bone mineral density at various skeletal sites: a meta-analysis.
Ankylosing spondylitis susceptibility loci defined by genome-search meta-analysis.
The role of G196A polymorphism in the brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene in the cause of Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
The relationship between C677T methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphism and retinopathy in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Association between the GLUT1 gene polymorphism and the risk of diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of sublingual allergen vaccination for respiratory allergy in children.  Conclusions from one meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of clinical characteristics of 299 carriers of LMNA gene mutations: do lamin A/C mutations portend a high risk of sudden death?
Delineating the structure of normal and abnormal personality: an integrative hierarchical approach.
Self-reported depressive symptomatology in community samples of polysubstance misusers who report Ecstasy use: a meta-analysis.
The effect of angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitors on progression of advanced polycystic kidney disease.
Water, sanitation, and hygiene interventions to reduce diarrhoea in less developed countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of alpha-linolenic acid and linoleic acid on the growth and development of formula-fed infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Cytokine gene polymorphisms and acute liver graft rejection: a meta-analysis.
Postoperative radiotherapy in non-small-cell lung cancer: update of an individual patient data meta-analysis.
Efficacy of gemcitabine plus platinum chemotherapy compared with other platinum containing regimens in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of survival outcomes.
[Pharmaco-economic analysis of NSAID usage in Gastroenterology Department of Tuzla Clinic].
Frequency of K-ras mutations in pancreatic intraductal neoplasias associated with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma and chronic pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of surgery versus conventional radiotherapy for the treatment of  metastatic spinal epidural disease.
Suicide in borderline personality disorder: a meta-analysis.
Fruit and vegetables consumption and gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Genetic thrombophilias and preeclampsia: a meta-analysis.
Prior red blood cell transfusions in cancer patients increase the risk of subsequent transfusions with or without recombinant human erythropoietin management.
Social projection to ingroups and outgroups: a review and meta-analysis.
Differences in helping whites and blacks: a meta-analysis.
[Meta-analysis of randomized clinical studies. Hawthorn extract for treatment of  chronic cardiac insufficiency].
[The efficacy of ECT treatment in depression: a meta-analysis].
A meta-analysis of cortisol response to challenge in human aging: importance of gender.
Cardiovascular reactivity and family history of hypertension: a meta-analysis.
Personal use of hair dyes and the risk of bladder cancer: results of a meta-analysis.
Multidetector CT: a new gold standard in the diagnosis of pulmonary embolism? State of the art and diagnostic algorithms.
[Comparative meta-analysis of immunoestimulant agents used in pediatric patients  in Mexico].
[Maternal age and neural tube defects: evidence for a greater effect in spina bifida than in anencephaly].
Glutamatergic drugs for schizophrenia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A meta-analytic investigation of the relationship between the psychological distress of cancer patients and their carers.
Implants for orthodontic anchorage. Meta-analysis.
Dipyridamole for preventing recurrent ischemic stroke and other vascular events:  a meta-analysis of individual patient data from randomized controlled trials.
Early versus delayed cholecystectomy for acute cholecystitis: a meta-analysis of  randomized controlled trials.
Lung volume reduction surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Water, sanitation and hygiene in developing countries: interventions and diarrhoea--a review.
[Primary prevention of coronary heart disease with aspirin].
Hydatidosis of the orbit in Turkey: results from review of the literature 1963-2001.
