Risk of serious infection in biological treatment of patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mortality in patients treated with extended duration dual antiplatelet therapy after drug-eluting stent implantation: a pairwise and Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomised trials.
First-line treatments for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia: interpreting efficacy data by network meta-analysis.
A Bayesian network meta-analysis on the effect of inodilatory agents on mortality.
Comparative efficacy and safety of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors in older adults: a network meta-analysis.
Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs as Prophylaxis for Heterotopic Ossification after Total Hip Arthroplasty: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Dynamic contrast-enhanced MRI for the detection of prostate cancer: meta-analysis.
Immunoenhancing enteral and parenteral nutrition for gastrointestinal surgery: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of prognostic factors for amputation following surgical repair of lower extremity vascular trauma.
Transcatheter reduction of paravalvular leaks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interventions for treating displaced midshaft clavicular fractures: a Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Treatments for shoulder impingement syndrome: a PRISMA systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Extended duration dual antiplatelet therapy and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diagnostic accuracy of endoscopic ultrasonography (EUS) for the preoperative locoregional staging of primary gastric cancer.
Labour induction with prostaglandins: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis of progression free survival and overall survival in first-line treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Comparative effectiveness of immunosuppressants and biologics for inducing and maintaining remission in Crohn's disease: a network meta-analysis.
Electrical stimulation for pain relief in knee osteoarthritis: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of pharmacologic interventions for knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
[Meta analysis of the use of Bayesian networks in breast cancer diagnosis].
Comparative efficacy of pharmacologic interventions in preventing relapse of Crohn's disease after surgery: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Spatial and temporal distribution of soil-transmitted helminth infection in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and geostatistical meta-analysis.
Network meta-analysis: development of a three-level hierarchical modeling approach incorporating dose-related constraints.
Trans-ethnic meta-analysis of white blood cell phenotypes.
Antifungal prophylaxis in liver transplantation: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of biologic therapy in biologic-naïve patients with Crohn disease: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Blast-related mild traumatic brain injury: a Bayesian random-effects meta-analysis on the cognitive outcomes of concussion among military personnel.
Management of chronic neuropathic pain: a protocol for a multiple treatment comparison meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Coronary revascularization in diabetic patients: a systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Efficacy, quality of life, and acceptability outcomes of atypical antipsychotic augmentation treatment for treatment-resistant depression: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Outdoor fine particles and nonfatal strokes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Global prevalence of glaucoma and projections of glaucoma burden through 2040: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of long-term lifestyle programmes on weight loss and cardiovascular risk factors in overweight/obese participants: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Genetic variability of VEGF pathway genes in six randomized phase III trials assessing the addition of bevacizumab to standard therapy.
Sensitivity of diagnostic tests for human soil-transmitted helminth infections: a meta-analysis in the absence of a true gold standard.
A systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials on non-surgical treatments for peri-implantitis.
Mortality benefit of vasopressor and inotropic agents in septic shock: a Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A Bayesian mixed-treatment comparison meta-analysis of treatments for alcohol dependence and implications for planning future trials.
Comparative effectiveness of neoadjuvant therapy for HER2-positive breast cancer: a network meta-analysis.
Comparison of weight loss among named diet programs in overweight and obese adults: a meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular disease and vitamin D supplementation: trial analysis, systematic review, and meta-analysis.
Impact of different training modalities on glycaemic control and blood lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Effect of odanacatib on BMD and fractures: estimates from Bayesian univariate and bivariate meta-analyses.
Comparative efficacy and risk of harms of immediate- versus extended-release second-generation antidepressants: a systematic review with network meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis of the efficacy of belatacept, cyclosporine and tacrolimus for immunosuppression therapy in adult renal transplant recipients.
Afatinib in the treatment of EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC--a network meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of continuous and pulsed ultrasound for the management of knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of biologics as monotherapy and in combination with methotrexate on patient reported outcomes (PROs) in rheumatoid arthritis patients with an inadequate response to conventional DMARDs--a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Adalimumab versus infliximab for the treatment of moderate to severe ulcerative colitis in adult patients naïve to anti-TNF therapy: an indirect treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Non-biologic remission maintenance therapy in adult patients with ANCA-associated vasculitis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Chemotherapy regimens for advanced pancreatic cancer: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Revascularisation versus medical treatment in patients with stable coronary artery disease: network meta-analysis.
Systematic review with network meta-analysis: the efficacy of anti-TNF agents for the treatment of Crohn's disease.
Use of inhaled corticosteroids in patients with COPD and the risk of TB and influenza: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comparative efficacy, acceptability, and safety of medicinal, cognitive-behavioral therapy, and placebo treatments for acute major depressive disorder in children and adolescents: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
A Mediterranean diet improves HbA1c but not fasting blood glucose compared to alternative dietary strategies: a network meta-analysis.
Discordance in hormone receptor status among primary, metastatic, and second primary breast cancers: biological difference or misclassification?
Comparative effectiveness of long term drug treatment strategies to prevent asthma exacerbations: network meta-analysis.
Dapagliflozin compared with other oral anti-diabetes treatments when added to metformin monotherapy: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Biodegradable-polymer drug-eluting stents vs. bare metal stents vs. durable-polymer drug-eluting stents: a systematic review and Bayesian approach network meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and safety of biosimilar infliximab and other biological treatments in ankylosing spondylitis: systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Bayesian test for colocalisation between pairs of genetic association studies using summary statistics.
Relations of change in plasma levels of LDL-C, non-HDL-C and apoB with risk reduction from statin therapy: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Systematic review with network meta-analysis: the efficacy of anti-tumour necrosis factor-alpha agents for the treatment of ulcerative colitis.
Comparative efficacy of triptans for the abortive treatment of migraine: a multiple treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Diagnosing flow residuals in coiled cerebral aneurysms by MR angiography: meta-analysis.
Bayesian network meta-analysis of nitinol stents, covered stents, drug-eluting stents, and drug-coated balloons in the femoropopliteal artery.
Comparative gastrointestinal safety of bisphosphonates in primary osteoporosis: a network meta-analysis.
Selective digestive or oropharyngeal decontamination and topical oropharyngeal chlorhexidine for prevention of death in general intensive care: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Inferring primary tumor sites from mutation spectra: a meta-analysis of histology-specific aberrations in cancer-derived cell lines.
Nephropathy after administration of iso-osmolar and low-osmolar contrast media: evidence from a network meta-analysis.
The efficacy of duloxetine, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and opioids in osteoarthritis: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of low molecular weight heparins for venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in medically ill patients.
[Clinical evaluation of lapatinib therapy in metastatic breast cancer using the Bayes meta-analysis].
Current and new oral antithrombotics in non-valvular atrial fibrillation: a network meta-analysis of 79 808 patients.
The incidence and prevalence of thyroid dysfunction in Europe: a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of vitamin D supplementation in depression in adults: a systematic review.
HHV-8 seroprevalence: a global view.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of surgical outcomes following mitral valve surgery in octogenarians: implications for transcatheter mitral valve interventions.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of pharmacological therapies for painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Systematic review, network meta-analysis and economic evaluation of biological therapy for the management of active psoriatic arthritis.
Prevalence of G6PD deficiency in Iran, a mata-analysis.
Comparative efficacy of everolimus plus exemestane versus fulvestrant for hormone-receptor-positive advanced breast cancer following progression/recurrence after endocrine therapy: a network meta-analysis.
Sexual dysfunction associated with second-generation antidepressants in patients with major depressive disorder: results from a systematic review with network meta-analysis.
Bayesian network meta-analysis suggests a similar effectiveness between a monovalent and a pentavalent rotavirus vaccine: a preliminary report of re-analyses of data from a Cochrane Database Systematic Review.
Comparative efficacy of inhaled corticosteroid and long-acting beta agonist combinations in preventing COPD exacerbations: a Bayesian network meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis on the efficacy of 5-aminosalicylates, immunomodulators and biologics for the prevention of postoperative recurrence in Crohn's disease.
SSRIs for hot flashes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
A Bayesian meta-analysis of multiple treatment comparisons of systemic regimens for advanced pancreatic cancer.
Chemotherapy or targeted therapy as second-line treatment of advanced gastric cancer. A systematic review and meta-analysis of published studies.
48-week efficacy and safety of dolutegravir relative to commonly used third agents in treatment-naive HIV-1-infected patients: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis of the relative efficacy of treatments for actinic keratosis of the face or scalp in Europe.
Efficacy and safety of therapies for acute ischemic stroke in China: a network meta-analysis of 13289 patients from 145 randomized controlled trials.
Network meta-analysis of erlotinib, gefitinib, afatinib and icotinib in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer harboring EGFR mutations.
Age-dependent prevalence of nasopharyngeal carriage of streptococcus pneumoniae before conjugate vaccine introduction: a prediction model based on a meta-analysis.
Bayesian meta-analysis of diagnostic tests allowing for imperfect reference standards.
Systematic review with network meta-analysis: pharmacological prophylaxis against post-ERCP pancreatitis.
Anaesthetic drugs and survival: a Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized trials in cardiac surgery.
New oral anticoagulants and the risk of intracranial hemorrhage: traditional and Bayesian meta-analysis and mixed treatment comparison of randomized trials of new oral anticoagulants in atrial fibrillation.
ENERgized vessel sealing systems versus CONventional hemostasis techniques in thyroid surgery--the ENERCON systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Diagnostic indicators of non-cardiovascular chest pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy outcomes of first and second generation durable polymer drug eluting stents and biodegradable polymer biolimus eluting stents in clinical practice: comprehensive network meta-analysis.
Safety of off-label erythropoiesis stimulating agents in critically ill patients: a meta-analysis.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for the prevention of surgical site infection after tension-free hernia repair: a Bayesian and frequentist meta-analysis.
The SH2B1 obesity locus and abnormal glucose homeostasis: lack of evidence for association from a meta-analysis in individuals of European ancestry.
Comparative effectiveness of renin-angiotensin system blockers and other antihypertensive drugs in patients with diabetes: systematic review and bayesian network meta-analysis.
Can we predict which patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction benefit most from radial access? Evidence from frequentist and Bayesian meta-regressions of randomized trials.
Comparative efficacy of long-acting bronchodilators for COPD: a network meta-analysis.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy versus faecal occult blood testing for colorectal cancer screening in asymptomatic individuals.
Evaluating the efficacy and safety of apixaban, a new oral anticoagulant, using Bayesian meta-analysis.
Multivariate meta-analysis of mixed outcomes: a Bayesian approach.
Exercise for lower limb osteoarthritis: systematic review incorporating trial sequential analysis and network meta-analysis.
Comparative efficacy and tolerability of 15 antipsychotic drugs in schizophrenia: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
Systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression of the effect of tranexamic acid on surgical blood loss.
Relative survival benefit and morbidity with fluids in severe sepsis - a network meta-analysis of alternative therapies.
Preventive pharmacologic treatments for episodic migraine in adults.
Estimating the probability of IQ impairment from blood phenylalanine for phenylketonuria patients: a hierarchical meta-analysis.
Effect of initial treatment strategy on survival of patients with advanced-stage Hodgkin's lymphoma: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Which hemostatic device in thyroid surgery? A network meta-analysis of surgical technologies.
Risk of pelvic inflammatory disease following Chlamydia trachomatis infection: analysis of prospective studies with a multistate model.
Network meta-analysis of the outcome 'participant complete clearance' in nonimmunosuppressed participants of eight interventions for actinic keratosis: a follow-up on a Cochrane review.
The efficacy and tolerability of perampanel and other recently approved anti-epileptic drugs for the treatment of refractory partial onset seizure: a systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Dose-comparative effects of different statins on serum lipid levels: a network meta-analysis of 256,827 individuals in 181 randomized controlled trials.
Progression rates from HbA1c 6.0-6.4% and other prediabetes definitions to type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis.
Use of mixed-treatment-comparison methods in estimating efficacy of treatments for heavy menstrual bleeding.
Impact of statin dose on major cardiovascular events: a mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis involving more than 175,000 patients.
Immunomodulators and immunosuppressants for multiple sclerosis: a network meta-analysis.
Bayesian methods affirm the use of percutaneous coronary intervention to improve survival in patients with unprotected left main coronary artery disease.
Progestogens for preterm birth prevention: a systematic review and meta-analysis by drug route.
Survival benefit of primary prevention implantable cardioverter-defibrillator therapy after myocardial infarction: does time to implant matter? A meta-analysis using patient-level data from 4 clinical trials.
Soil-transmitted helminth infection in South America: a systematic review and geostatistical meta-analysis.
Magnetic resonance imaging for locating nonpalpable undescended testicles: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the accuracy of two diagnostic tests used in combination: application to the ddimer test and the wells score for the diagnosis of deep vein thrombosis.
Three polymorphisms in the IL-10 gene and the risk of HCV infection: a meta-analysis plus a Chinese Association Study involving 1140 subjects.
Blood pressure targets in patients with coronary artery disease: observations from traditional and Bayesian random effects meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Imputation-based meta-analysis of severe malaria in three African populations.
Heart-type fatty acid binding protein as an early marker for myocardial infarction: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Apolipoprotein E genotype, cardiovascular biomarkers and risk of stroke: systematic review and meta-analysis of 14,015 stroke cases and pooled analysis of primary biomarker data from up to 60,883 individuals.
Bayesian network meta-analysis of root coverage procedures: ranking efficacy and identification of best treatment.
Systematic review and network meta-analysis of interventions for fibromyalgia: a protocol.
Ranking antireabsorptive agents to prevent vertebral fractures in postmenopausal osteoporosis by mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Dealing with clinical heterogeneity in meta-analysis. Assumptions, methods, interpretation.
Efficacy of topical antifungals in the treatment of dermatophytosis: a mixed-treatment comparison meta-analysis involving 14 treatments.
Progression-free survival with fulvestrant 500 mg and alternative endocrine therapies as second-line treatment for advanced breast cancer: a network meta-analysis with parametric survival models.
Effect of gastric versus post-pyloric feeding on the incidence of pneumonia in critically ill patients: observations from traditional and Bayesian random-effects meta-analysis.
Direct-acting antiviral therapies for hepatitis C genotype 1 infection: a multiple treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Benefits of β blockers in patients with heart failure and reduced ejection fraction: network meta-analysis.
Efficacy of adding clonidine to intrathecal morphine in acute postoperative pain: meta-analysis.
Second-line treatments for the management of advanced renal cell carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic review, meta-analysis and economic modelling of diagnostic strategies for suspected acute coronary syndrome.
Comparative efficacy of aclidinium versus glycopyrronium and tiotropium, as maintenance treatment of moderate to severe COPD patients: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Protective effects of vitamin E on chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
In-office treatment for dentin hypersensitivity: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Impact of different training modalities on anthropometric and metabolic characteristics in overweight/obese subjects: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
A Bayesian meta-analysis on prevalence of hepatitis B virus infection among Chinese volunteer blood donors.
The global epidemiology and contribution of cannabis use and dependence to the global burden of disease: results from the GBD 2010 study.
Long-term survival of dental implants placed in the grafted maxillary sinus: systematic review and meta-analysis of treatment modalities.
Antiplatelets versus anticoagulants for the treatment of cervical artery dissection: Bayesian meta-analysis.
Are Treponema pallidum specific rapid and point-of-care tests for syphilis accurate enough for screening in resource limited settings? Evidence from a meta-analysis.
Should perioperative supplemental oxygen be routinely recommended for surgery patients? A Bayesian meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis of antibiotics for treatment of hospitalised patients with suspected or proven meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infection.
Meta-analysis of comparison of effectiveness of lowering apolipoprotein B versus low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and nonhigh-density lipoprotein cholesterol for cardiovascular risk reduction in randomized trials.
Unraveling multiple MHC gene associations with systemic lupus erythematosus: model choice indicates a role for HLA alleles and non-HLA genes in Europeans.
Association between beta-blockers and fracture risk: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Efficacy of telaprevir and boceprevir in treatment-naïve and treatment-experienced genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C patients: an indirect comparison using Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Mortality in diabetes compared with previous cardiovascular disease: a gender-specific meta-analysis.
Sedentary time in adults and the association with diabetes, cardiovascular disease and death: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Systematic meta-analyses and field synopsis of genetic association studies in colorectal cancer.
Diffusion-weighted MRI in the detection of prostate cancer: meta-analysis.
The role of sentinel lymph node biopsy in select sarcoma patients: a meta-analysis.
Balloon dilation with adequate duration is safer than sphincterotomy for extracting bile duct stones: a systematic review and meta-analyses.
Pediatric anesthesia and neurodevelopmental impairments: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Progestogens for preterm birth prevention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Rapid point-of-care first-line screening tests for hepatitis B infection: a meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy (1980-2010).
Comparisons of high-dose and combination nicotine replacement therapy, varenicline, and bupropion for smoking cessation: a systematic review and multiple treatment meta-analysis.
Effect of antidiabetic agents added to metformin on glycaemic control, hypoglycaemia and weight change in patients with type 2 diabetes: a network meta-analysis.
Bayesian enhanced meta-analysis of post-operative analgesic efficacy of additives for caudal analgesia in children.
Revisiting the effectiveness of interventions to decrease surgical site infections in colorectal surgery: A Bayesian perspective.
Network meta-analysis of prasugrel, ticagrelor, high- and standard-dose clopidogrel in patients scheduled for percutaneous coronary interventions.
Impact of intraoperative stimulation brain mapping on glioma surgery outcome: a meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of complications in aortic valve replacement: comparison of Medtronic-Corevalve, Edwards-Sapien and surgical aortic valve replacement in 8,536 patients.
Effectiveness of interventions for reducing diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk in people with metabolic syndrome: systematic review and mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Ambient temperature and cardiorespiratory morbidity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Daily average temperature and mortality among the elderly: a meta-analysis and systematic review of epidemiological evidence.
Imputation of missing variance data using non-linear mixed effects modelling to enable an inverse variance weighted meta-analysis of summary-level longitudinal data: a case study.
Efficacy of once-daily indacaterol 75 μg relative to alternative bronchodilators in COPD: a study level and a patient level network meta-analysis.
Detection of cervical lymph node metastasis in head and neck cancer patients with clinically N0 neck-a meta-analysis comparing different imaging modalities.
Adverse effects of second-generation antipsychotics in children and adolescents: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis of comparative outcomes following cervical arthroplasty or anterior cervical fusion: results from 4 prospective multicenter randomized clinical trials and up to 1226 patients.
Multiple treatment comparisons in a series of anti-malarial trials with an ordinal primary outcome and repeated treatment evaluations.
Growth hormone receptor polymorphism and growth hormone therapy response in children: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Robust meta-analytic conclusions mandate the provision of prediction intervals in meta-analysis summaries.
Treatment of acute iliofemoral deep vein thrombosis.
Head-to-head comparison of accuracy of a rapid point-of-care HIV test with oral versus whole-blood specimens: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Network meta-analysis of margin threshold for women with ductal carcinoma in situ.
Comparison of transradial and femoral approaches for percutaneous coronary interventions: a systematic review and hierarchical Bayesian meta-analysis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy of cardioversion by vernakalant and comparators in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Bayesian meta-analysis on medical devices: application to implantable cardioverter defibrillators.
Longevity of materials for pit and fissure sealing--results from a meta-analysis.
Traditional endonasal and microscopic sinus surgery complications versus endoscopic sinus surgery complications: a meta-analysis.
A Bayesian network meta-analysis on comparisons of enamel matrix derivatives, guided tissue regeneration and their combination therapies.
Exposure to isoflavone-containing soy products and endothelial function: a Bayesian meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Age and gender variations in age-related macular degeneration prevalence in populations of European ancestry: a meta-analysis.
A network meta-analysis on the efficacy of serotonin type 3 receptor antagonists used in adults during the first 24 hours for postoperative nausea and vomiting prophylaxis.
Meta-analysis of observational studies with unmeasured confounders.
Efficacy of biologics in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Roadway characteristics and pediatric pedestrian injury.
Effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of computer and other electronic aids for smoking cessation: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Efficacy of indacaterol 75 μg versus fixed-dose combinations of formoterol-budesonide or salmeterol-fluticasone for COPD: a network meta-analysis.
Systematic review and network meta-analysis of overall survival comparing 3 mg/kg ipilimumab with alternative therapies in the management of pretreated patients with unresectable stage III or IV melanoma.
Timing matters in hip fracture surgery: patients operated within 48 hours have better outcomes. A meta-analysis and meta-regression of over 190,000 patients.
A review and Bayesian meta-analysis of clinical efficacy and adverse effects of 4 atypical neuroleptic drugs compared with haloperidol and placebo.
A systematic review on the effect of sweeteners on glycemic response and clinically relevant outcomes.
Coronary artery perforation during percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dosing frequency of unfractionated heparin thromboprophylaxis: a meta-analysis.
Bariatric surgery: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Comparative effectiveness of efavirenz, protease inhibitors, and raltegravir-based regimens as first-line treatment for HIV-infected adults: a mixed treatment comparison.
A Bayesian evidence synthesis for estimating campylobacteriosis prevalence.
EUS for the staging of gastric cancer: a meta-analysis.
Therapeutic trajectory following intra-articular hyaluronic acid injection in knee osteoarthritis--meta-analysis.
Enhanced recovery pathways optimize health outcomes and resource utilization: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in colorectal surgery.
The predictive value of preoperative natriuretic peptide concentrations in adults undergoing surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Addressing the incremental benefit of histamine dihydrochloride when added to interleukin-2 in treating acute myeloid leukemia: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Steroids and bronchodilators for acute bronchiolitis in the first two years of life: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antihypertensive treatment and development of heart failure in hypertension: a Bayesian network meta-analysis of studies in patients with hypertension and high cardiovascular risk.
Efficacy of drug treatments for generalised anxiety disorder: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Imageless computer assisted versus conventional total knee replacement. A Bayesian meta-analysis of 23 comparative studies.
Early vs. delayed invasive strategy in patients with acute coronary syndromes without ST-segment elevation: a meta-analysis of randomized studies.
Accounting for model uncertainty in estimating global burden of disease.
Pharmacological treatments for neovascular age-related macular degeneration: can mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis be useful?
Cancer risk with tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF) inhibitors: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of adalimumab, etanercept, and infliximab using patient level data.
Efficacy and safety of statin treatment for cardiovascular disease: a network meta-analysis of 170,255 patients from 76 randomized trials.
The efficacy of bisphosphonates in the prevention of vertebral, hip, and nonvertebral-nonhip fractures in osteoporosis: a network meta-analysis.
Contemporary diagnostic imaging modalities for the staging and surveillance of melanoma patients: a meta-analysis.
Possible risk modifications in the association between MnSOD Ala-9Val polymorphism and breast cancer risk: subgroup analysis and evidence-based sample size calculation for a future trial.
Efficacy comparison of trimetazidine with therapeutic alternatives in stable angina pectoris: a network meta-analysis.
Mixed treatment comparison of a two-compound formulation (TCF) product containing calcipotriol and betamethasone dipropionate with other topical treatments in psoriasis vulgaris.
Comparative efficacy of indacaterol 150 μg and 300 μg versus fixed-dose combinations of formoterol + budesonide or salmeterol + fluticasone for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease--a network meta-analysis.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of LHRH agonists in the treatment of metastatic prostate cancer in Italy.
Meta-analysis of diagnostic test data: a bivariate Bayesian modeling approach.
Drug-eluting or bare metal stents for the treatment of saphenous vein graft disease: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Sacral neuromodulation for neurogenic lower urinary tract dysfunction: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis evaluating the relative efficacy of nucleos(t)ides for treatment of nucleos(t)ide-naive patients with chronic hepatitis B.
Lymphedema beyond breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cancer-related secondary lymphedema.
Meta-analysis of incidence, clinical characteristics and implications of stent fracture.
Effects of glucosamine, chondroitin, or placebo in patients with osteoarthritis of hip or knee: network meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of different central venous catheters for catheter-related infections: a network meta-analysis.
Antithrombotic treatment for the primary prevention of stroke in patients with non valvular atrial fibrillation: a reappraisal of the evidence and network meta analysis.
Factors influencing the association between CYP17 T34C polymorphism and the risk of breast cancer: meta-regression and subgroup analysis.
Comparative effectiveness of antibiotics for the treatment of MRSA complicated skin and soft tissue infections.
Omega-3 fatty acids in high-risk cardiovascular patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of vitamin D3 supplementation in preventing fractures in elderly women: a meta-analysis.
Effect of preoperative single-dose corticosteroid administration on postoperative morbidity following esophagectomy.
Immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome in patients starting antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Statistical modeling of average and variability of time to extubation for meta-analysis comparing desflurane to sevoflurane.
Adjunctive thrombectomy for acute myocardial infarction: A bayesian meta-analysis.
Interleukin-1 region meta-analysis with osteoarthritis phenotypes.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of pharmacotherapeutic agents for anxiety disorders in children and adolescents: a mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Do primary care physicians have particular difficulty identifying late-life depression? A meta-analysis stratified by age.
An assessment of a TNF polymorphic marker for the risk of HCV infection: meta-analysis and a new clinical study design.
Meta-analysis of the impact of 9 medication classes on falls in elderly persons.
Bayesian meta-analysis of hormone therapy and mortality in younger postmenopausal women.
Comparative survival with diverse chemotherapy regimens for cancer of unknown primary site: multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
Baseline differences in A1C explain apparent differences in efficacy of sitagliptin, rosiglitazone and pioglitazone.
Effect of vegetarian diets on bone mineral density: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Double versus single stenting for coronary bifurcation lesions: a meta-analysis.
Risk of mortality associated with formoterol: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Modeling the value for money of changing clinical practice change: a stochastic application in diabetes care.
Bisphosphonates and atrial fibrillation: Bayesian meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials and observational studies.
Underlying genetic models of inheritance in established type 2 diabetes associations.
Antifungal treatment for invasive Candida infections: a mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis.
Substance use and misuse in the aftermath of terrorism. A Bayesian meta-analysis.
ATG16L1 T300A polymorphism and Crohn's disease susceptibility: evidence from 13,022 cases and 17,532 controls.
Multilocus Bayesian meta-analysis of gene-disease associations.
Cost-effectiveness of radiofrequency catheter ablation for the treatment of atrial fibrillation in the United Kingdom.
Behavioural interventions for smoking cessation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Spontaneous regression of hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review.
Treatment outcomes among patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between TCF7L2 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus: a large Human Genome Epidemiology (HuGE) review and meta-analysis.
Cancer survivors and unemployment: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Meta-analysis of duloxetine vs. pregabalin and gabapentin in the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain.
Microvolt T-wave alternans as a predictor of mortality and severe arrhythmias in patients with left-ventricular dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol reduction and coronary heart disease risk.
How much does pharmacologic prophylaxis reduce postoperative vomiting in children? Calculation of prophylaxis effectiveness and expected incidence of vomiting under treatment using Bayesian meta-analysis.
A Bayesian meta-analysis comparing AngioJet thrombectomy to percutaneous coronary intervention alone in acute myocardial infarction.
Meta-analysis of the efficacy and tolerability of pramipexole versus ropinirole in the treatment of restless legs syndrome.
Sunburns and risk of cutaneous melanoma: does age matter? A comprehensive meta-analysis.
Pharmacotherapies for smoking cessation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association between LRP5 polymorphism and bone mineral density: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Are one or two simple questions sufficient to detect depression in cancer and palliative care? A Bayesian meta-analysis.
Suprarenal endograft fixation and medium-term renal function: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Corticosteroids in the prevention and treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) in adults: meta-analysis.
Bayesian meta-analysis of genetic association studies with different sets of markers.
A non-parametric meta-analysis approach for combining independent microarray datasets: application using two microarray datasets pertaining to chronic allograft nephropathy.
Statins for secondary prevention in elderly patients: a hierarchical bayesian meta-analysis.
A Bayesian meta-analysis on published sample mean and variance pharmacokinetic data with application to drug-drug interaction prediction.
Bayesian meta-analysis of tissue angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors for reduction of adverse cardiovascular events in patients with diabetes mellitus and preserved left ventricular function.
Assessment of the relative advantage of various artesunate-based combination therapies by a multi-treatment Bayesian random-effects meta-analysis.
Combined resynchronisation and implantable defibrillator therapy in left ventricular dysfunction: Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Joint effects of the N-acetyltransferase 1 and 2 (NAT1 and NAT2) genes and smoking on bladder carcinogenesis: a literature-based systematic HuGE review and evidence synthesis.
Bayesian meta-analysis of Papanicolaou smear accuracy.
Assessing the effectiveness of primary angioplasty compared with thrombolysis and its relationship to time delay: a Bayesian evidence synthesis.
Estimating the relative risk of pancreatic cancer associated with exposure agents in job title data in a hierarchical Bayesian meta-analysis.
Drug-drug interaction prediction: a Bayesian meta-analysis approach.
Meta-analysis of mixed treatment comparisons at multiple follow-up times.
Comparison of pegfilgrastim with filgrastim on febrile neutropenia, grade IV neutropenia and bone pain: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Maternal obesity and risk of cesarean delivery: a meta-analysis.
Ursodeoxycholic acid for patients with primary biliary cirrhosis: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials using Bayesian approach as sensitivity analyses.
Maternal obesity and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Evidence synthesis combining individual patient data and aggregate data: a systematic review identified current practice and possible methods.
On the association between statin and fracture: a Bayesian consideration.
Hip protectors decrease hip fracture risk in elderly nursing home residents: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Assessing the combined effect of asbestos exposure and smoking on lung cancer: a Bayesian approach.
Diagnostic accuracy of noninvasive fetal Rh genotyping from maternal blood--a meta-analysis.
Reanalysis of systematic reviews: the case of invasive strategies for acute coronary syndromes.
Variations in primary open-angle glaucoma prevalence by age, gender, and race: a Bayesian meta-analysis.
Estimating transitions between symptom severity states over time in schizophrenia: a Bayesian meta-analytic approach.
Adherence to antiretroviral therapy in sub-Saharan Africa and North America: a meta-analysis.
Frequency of adverse events after vaccination with different vaccinia strains.
A Bayesian meta-analysis of prophylactic granulocyte colony-stimulating factor and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in children with cancer.
Meta-analysis of sentinel lymph node biopsy after preoperative chemotherapy in patients with breast cancer.
Self-monitoring of glucose in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a Bayesian meta-analysis of direct and indirect comparisons.
Effect of early and late GB virus C viraemia on survival of HIV-infected individuals: a meta-analysis.
Anti-hip fracture efficacy of biophosphonates: a Bayesian analysis of clinical trials.
Efficacy of inactivated hepatitis A vaccine in HIV-infected patients: a hierarchical bayesian meta-analysis.
Do antidepressants cause suicidality in children? A Bayesian meta-analysis.
Cancer incidence among female flight attendants: a meta-analysis of published data.
Meta-analysis of heterogeneously reported trials assessing change from baseline.
Bayesian implementation of a genetic model-free approach to the meta-analysis of genetic association studies.
Does alendronate reduce the risk of fracture in men? A meta-analysis incorporating prior knowledge of anti-fracture efficacy in women.
Are antifibrinolytic drugs equivalent in reducing blood loss and transfusion in cardiac surgery? A meta-analysis of randomized head-to-head trials.
Accuracy of MSI testing in predicting germline mutations of MSH2 and MLH1: a case study in Bayesian meta-analysis of diagnostic tests without a gold standard.
Indeterminate ovarian mass at US: incremental value of second imaging test for characterization--meta-analysis and Bayesian analysis.
Investigating heterogeneity in studies of resting energy expenditure in persons with HIV/AIDS: a meta-analysis.